[00:00] Speaker 1: ... are switching to one-minute timeframe for gap-up short only, not for other trades. For other trades, we will use three and five-minute timeframe, but only for gap-up short we are using one-minute timeframe, right? So this was all about gap-up short. Now, how to trade these stocks? How to trade these stocks? To understand that, I, uh, we have to understand few more concepts. So now I'm going to talk about the ORB concept. I'm going to talk about the ORB concept, and then, and then we will come back to this gap-up short topic. We will see example and how to trade that example. We will, we will also discuss that. Okay. ORB full form is opening range breakout. ORB full form is... Yes, yes, we will consider the gap-up example. To understand the gap-up example now, I'm giving you some more logic into this. Now, over here, to trade any... to find the any trading opportunity, we are going to use the concept or say, uh, execution method which is called ORB, opening range breakout.

[01:08] Speaker 1: Opening range breakout. So as the name suggest, it is going to be a opening range, and once that opening range gets break, gets broke, you, you can find your opportunities over there. Now, first, again, understand the logic behind this. Again, understand the logic behind this, right? (clears throat) Okay, so what is opening range? What is opening range? So let's say, uh, (clears throat) as the day starts, as the day starts, you will have candle getting formed. So let's say first candle getting formed for the day is red candle. (clears throat) First candle getting... Uh, chalo, let me show this on the chart itself. Let me show this on the chart itself, right? So, let's say (clears throat) ... See, let's say, this is your day. Right? Day started on this candle. Day started on this candle. So, this is the first candle for the day you have, so this is green candle. After the green candle, we will wait for another opposite color candle to form. Another opposite color candle to form, right?

[02:26] Speaker 1: So in this case, there is red candle immediately after the first candle. Now, as soon as... Just a minute, huh? Okay. So as soon as you will have this opposite color candle getting formed, what you, what you are going to do is, you will mark the low point of that range and high point of that range. You are going to mark the low point of range and high point of that range, and this is going to be your opening range. This is going to be your opening range. Again, guys, I am explaining the opening range only for, for time being. Forget about the timeframe. Forget about the timeframe. I'm getting lot of questions about the timeframe. For time being, don't consider the timeframe. I'm just explaining you the opening range. Right? So what I said, as the day begins, as the day begins, we will wait for opposite color candle getting formed. Opposite color get- candle getting formed.

[03:36] Speaker 1: So sometimes you will have, uh, green color, green color candle, green color candle, and maybe fourth or fifth candle is red color, right? So in that case, you are going to consider that entire range. So now let us take random examples from trade code only and establish the opening range over there, because you will have more clarity. With that, yes, and I will explain the, uh, psychology as well. Don't, don't... Right? So wait, wait for a minute. Right? So let me give you few more examples, how to establish the ORV, and then we can, uh, talk about, more about it. Right? So now I'm into pre-market, so let's, let's check F&O, huh. So it is F&O only, right? So let's check, uh, I guess this is Hindustan Unilever, we have already checked. Let's check ORV for Bharti Airtel. I guess this is not according to the... Oh. Huh. So this is how you can check. So Bharti Airtel. Let's check Bharti Airtel. Just a moment. Okay. Uh, uh, that- that's what I thought. I think it is... Let me refresh it.

[05:09] Speaker 1: Let me refresh it. Huh. Okay? So, yes, yes, yes. So let, let's check B- Bharti Airtel and then we will, we will also discuss all this ORV. Okay? So Bharti Airtel, again, the first candle of the day. Okay. There is no point in discussing because this is having same scenario. Okay, so let's complete this. So first candle, green. Then we will wait for another red candle to form. We will wait for another red candle to form, and then range. We will consider this entire range. We will consider this entire range, and we are going to form the high point of this range and low point of this range. Right? So this is your opening range. Now, there are different people using different opening range. Some people use 15-minute timeframe.Some people use 15-minute timeframe. Guys, those who are repeating, right, please do not ask questions, which I am going to discuss further, right? And e- and even you people, have some patience. Please stop questions for some time. You will get all your answers.

[06:23] Speaker 1: Dhruv. Dhruv, how many times you are going to copy-paste one single, one single question? Right? Uh, so this is your opening range. Now let us discuss on few other stocks, and then I will discuss the logic behind this as well. Atul, persistent MCX. Okay, same scenario. There is no point in... So first red candle, and then we will wait for opposite color candle to form. So this is, uh, the two opposite color candles. High point of this, and low point of this, right? Low point of this. This is how we are going to mark. Let me, let me find one different scenario, and then I will explain the logic. Persistent. Okay, that's great. Huh. See, now, now in this case, see, this is your first candle for the day. This is your first candle for the day, and see, back to back, green color candles are getting formed. And what we said, what, what I said is, we will wait for opposite color candle to get form, then only we will mark our opening range. Then only we will mark our opening range.

[07:48] Speaker 1: So in this case, see, back to back green color candles, and here I got my red color candle, or say opposite color candle. So in this case, what I'm going to consider is, I'm going to consider this entire range. I'm going to consider this entire range, so this... starting from this green color candle till this red color candle, whatever high point, eh, I have, that high point I will mark, and then this low point I'm going to mark. Low point of this range I'm going to mark, and this is going to be my opening range. This is going to be my opening range. Right? This is your opening range. Now, for time being, don't, for time being, don't even think, right, uh, the ra- range for opening range, like how much percentage it should be and all those things. Just, just ignore that part. We are discussing only opening range. Now, now the logic behind establishing this opening range. Right? As, as I said, we will wait for opposite color candle getting form. So what's the logic? What's the logic?

[08:57] Speaker 1: Opening range will give you day's first support and first resistance. Opening range will give you day's first support and first resistance. Right? So, so what do you mean by that? See, wh- when, when green candle is getting form, meaning, meaning... So w- when the green candle is getting form, so we can consider this as the support for that opening time. Support for that opening time, and whenever we are getting the opening range high point, so that is nothing but the rejection, right? So this is going to be the resistance for that opening range, or say for the opening time period, right? So, this is your opening range. Again, the logic behind this is opening range is nothing but day's first support and first resistance, so we are going to mark that range, so first support and first resistance. Now, to establish our entry, to find the entry in our trade, what we will do is we will wait for this opening range to get broke We will wait for this opening range to get broke.

[10:17] Speaker 1: Once you will have this opening range getting broke and then candle giving you closing above this, then we are going to mark our entry. Why? Because, because as a trained trader, as a trained trader, we want strength in the market, we want strength in the price. So let's say this is your opening range. So if price is breaking above this high, meaning buyers took the control. If price is breaking this high, meaning buyers took the control, and then we are going to mark the long entry over here. We will go with the buyers. If price is taking the... Or say price is breaking the low point, let's say price is breaking the low point, then meaning what? Sellers took the control, sellers took the control, and then we will go with the sellers and we will find shorting opportunity. So this is how we are going to use ORB to mark our entries. This is how we are going to use the ORB to mark our entries, right? So I have given you the logic. Laksh, please stop your question.

[11:35] Speaker 1: I'm going to discuss that further. Right? So now the latest, this discussed, but if it remain in the OR. Abhishek, of course, if you are going to mark your entry according to the ORB, we will not trade within ORB, right? We will not trade within ORB, and if you want to trade in the ORB, we have leg strategy for that, so we will discuss that after some time, right Now, again understand the logic behind opening range breakout. What do you mean by breakout? So, uh, yes, Kay, I will discuss the conditions for breakout as well, right? So what's the logic againOnce if we are getting the breakout above this high point of this opening range, meaning buyers took the control, so we will go with those buyers and we will find the, uh, long opportunity. Once you will have breakdown below this low point of the opening range, meaning sellers took the control and we will find the selling opportunity, right? This is, in short, you have ORB.

[12:39] Speaker 1: Now, let us take few more examples to form the range of opening range. Right. So persistent we have observed, so let us observe the MCX. Yes, yes, yes. If- if you are comfortable, you can use, uh, opening range on five-minute timeframe as well. No issues. Okay, see now this was MCX. Again, how we are going to mark the opening range over here? So see, first candle is red, so I will wait for next green color candle to form, right? So back to back, there were red candles, and here I got the green candle. So only after opposite color candle getting formed, I'm going to mark my range. So this is the low point of this range, and this is the high point of this range, right? So high of this candle and low of this candle. And now this is my opening range. This is my opening range, right? So that's how you are going to establish the opening range. Now let me answer a few questions about ORB, right? As I said, for gap up short, you are going to use ORB on one-minute timeframe.

[13:52] Speaker 1: For other trade opportunities, you are going to use ORB on three-minute timeframe. If you want to use ORB on any other timeframe, you are free to use. No issues at all. There are people who are using first 15-minute candle to establish the opening range. There are people who are using first 30 minutes of the day to establish the candle. Right? Now, how to enter? Again, for that, we have conditions. So those conditions we are going to discuss further. Those conditions we are going to discuss further. Now, if you have understood this ORB concept, please drop a message, "Yes," and then we will start with the gap up short discussion. Okay. Ǎrṛ. Fine. Fine. Now, now let us discuss the gap up short disc- uh, gap up short discussion. Now, as I said, the criteria for gap up short is 3%. The criteria for gap up short is 3% and above, or say around 3%. So for that, I guess in this week, we were having the opportunity of TCS, so let us check the TCS gap up short.

[15:11] Speaker 1: Have to show you the gap up opening. Let me take you to the one-minute time- one... Sorry, daily timeframe. Huh. So if you can see over here, uh, on this, I guess, this day. Uh, let me check whether this is... Huh. See, I guess this was the example we discussed in the last session as well. So, okay, see, on this day, you can see, uh, TCS closing around... Uh, see, this was the closing on previous day, and onto the next day, TCS opened gap up around 3.25%. Around 3.25%. So this fits into our criteria. We have simple criteria, which is nothing but 3% and above, or around 3%. Now, how to trade these stocks? Very simple, we are going to use ORV strategy over there. We are going to use the ORV execution over there. So let us switch to this chart. So this was on... Let me check. So this was on 10th of January. So one-minute timeframe. And then 10th of January. See this, I guess we have already marked some positions over here, so let me clear all this. Right, okay.

[16:55] Speaker 1: Now, how to trade this gap up short strategy over here. So for that, we have logic. So I will give you both logics. We have two logics over here. So I will discuss both the logics, and then we will go ahead, right? So first let us discuss how you can mark your entry using ORV, how you can mark your entry using ORV. Remember, for gap up short, we are using one-minute timeframe. So again, first of all, I'm going to mark the opening range. So this is my high point. So this is my high point, and this is my low point for the range, because what I did is I considered this green candle and then these three candles, high point and low point, I have marked as the opening range. Now, to mark my entry, what I will do is I will wait for the candle breaking this opening range. I will wait for candle breaking this opening range, right? So in this case, this particular candle is breaking your opening range. This red candle is breaking your opening range, right?

[18:05] Speaker 1: So you will mark your entry on the closing of this candle, on the closing of this candle. This is how you're going to mark your entry on the closing of this candle. Again, we have...Like, for safe entry, we are going to mark some conditions over here. So what is that condition? First, understand that condition. See, the condition is very simple. We need to have decisive breakout. We need to have decisive breakout. Now, what do you mean by decisive breakout? So decisive breakout is nothing but minimum 50% candle body should close beyond the opening range. Should close beyond the opening range. Again, I'm repeating. Minimum 50% candle body, or say two-third candle body, so two-third is around 66%. So say two-third candle body closing either above the opening range or below the opening range. So if you want to mark long entry, two-third candle should close above opening range.

[19:20] Speaker 1: If you want to mark short entry, two-third candle should close below the opening range, and that you can clearly see over here. So this candle is giving you decisive breakout. Now, why decisive breakout? So again, decisive breakout shows strength over there. Decisive breakout shows strength over there. Decisive breakout is nothing but strength of the sellers. Sometimes, sometimes this can happen that, in the live market, this candle is getting formed red at this, till this point, and then suddenly buyers will come into the picture, and they will take the price further up, and this candle will close inside the opening range only, right? So that is not the decisive breakout. So we will wait for closing of the candle. After candle closing, we will also check whether the two-third candle, or say minimum 50% candle, is closing beyond the opening range or not. So that is the confirmation of decisive breakout. And then only after decisive breakout, we are going to mark our entry.

[20:25] Speaker 1: Only after decisive breakout, we are going to mark our entry. So as I said, in this case, we will mark our entry on the closing of this candle. On the closing of this candle. So let's find out our stop loss and everything. So this is my entry point. This is my stop loss. Uh, now, for stop loss now... Okay, guys, please don't ask questions about the stop loss. I'm going to explain that. Now for stop loss, anywhere to keep the stop loss, what we have to do is, after our entry, we will go back on the chart, and we will find the opposite color candle. We will find the opposite color candle, and then swing high or swing low in that range is going to be our stop loss. So in this case, if I'm going back to the green can- green color candle, this high point is going to be my stop loss. This high point is going to be my stop loss. Further, I will explain the stop loss on different, different charts so that you will have more clarity. For timing, just understand the stop loss on this chart.

[21:40] Speaker 1: Again, repeating, stop loss is nothing but I will go back, and I will find the opposite color candle, and then high point in this range, high point in this range is going to be my stop loss. Sometimes, sometimes, let's say this red candle, sometimes that will have high point like this. Right? Sometimes this red candle will have high point like this, so this is going to be my stop loss. What I did, I went back till the opposite color candle and then high point in this range is going to be my stop loss. Now, again, the logic behind keeping this, this as your stop loss is very simple. Buyers... In this range, buyers took the price till this price point, and then sellers took the control. Then sellers took the control, meaning what? Buyers cannot... Like, buyers could not take the price beyond this point, so I'm going to use this level as my stop loss level. So this is how you can place your stop loss. Now in this case, our stop loss is this, so I've kept that as a stop loss.

[22:50] Speaker 1: But again, to understand different scenarios for stop loss, we are going to discuss lot of charts, so don't worry. We are going to discuss lot of charts, so don't worry. So now I have... What I've done is I have marked my entry according to the entry conditions, and now let us check what risk-reward ratio you got. Now, this stop loss was less than 1%, so absolutely fine, right? See, over here, you... If you consider this low point, you got the risk-reward ratio of around, like, I don't see that value. It is around 0.98, right? So less than 1 is to 1. That is fine, right? And see, this gap got filled. You- if you can see over here, see. This was your range for the gap, so gap got filled, and then you can clearly see bounce over here, right? So as soon as you are getting the price near to the gap filling level, you can book the profit. You can book the profit. Though the risk-reward ratio was less than 1, absolutely fine. You will see the reversal over here. Book your profit.

[23:57] Speaker 1: So this is how you can trade using gap-up short strategy, right? We need... Over here, in this case, to define the target, I'm using the gap-filling level. I'm using the gap-filling level. See, for that day, I guess price was falling further. So if you go on, on the chart, see. Now, if I'm going to switch... See, over here, you can clearly see the price went further down, right?Agara. See, if you can see over here, price was falling further, but then, of course, we will not wait for this much fall, right? See, if you can... Acha, this is... Okay, I, I... Okay, okay. I have to check over till this point only. So I'm, I'm going on the next date itself. So, see. Right? So, you can find the profit booking opportunity near this gap-filling level, right? Sometimes, the, it will happen that over here, over here, you will, you will see even after this gap filling, there is no reversal sign and price is still falling further. So in that case, you can be in that trade. You can be in that trade.

[25:18] Speaker 1: Now, over here, what was the sign of reversal? What was the sign of reversal? This bull pin bar candle. This bullish pin bar candle is suggesting the sign of reversal. So after this reversal sign, you can book your profit and get out of that trade. So this is how you can find the gap-up short using the ORB. Now... Uh, "Can't figure out why have you selected second red candle's low and why not next green candle's high?" Uh. Tarun, I'm not getting your question. Uh, "Can't figure out why have you selected second red candle..." Okay, right? So... Okay, so this was the entry based on ORB. This was the entry based on ORB. Now, if you see over here, if you see over here, we got risk-reward ratio 0.95. So, uh, now, can we have better risk-reward ratio in such scenarios? So to have better risk-reward ratio or say, to have better scenarios which can give us good risk-reward ratio, I will give you another logic to mark your entry. So that logic is based on trend logic now.

[26:47] Speaker 1: So to understand the trend logic, you must be familiar with the trend like... See, this is your uptrend, right? This is your uptrend. Now, what is this? This is higher high, swing low. Next, higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low and higher high. This is your uptrend. Similarly, what is your downtrend? This is your downtrend, right? So let me completely erase this and then draw it. See, th- this is your downtrend. Now, in the downtrend, see, this is your lower low, lower high. Acha, sorry. I will, I will change this because there is... Let me draw it perfectly. Okay, now this is your downtrend. So this is your lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high. So this is the logic we are using to keep the stop loss. So in this case, if you are going to mark your entry somewhere here, this is going to be your stop loss.

[28:05] Speaker 1: If you are going to mark your entry somewhere here, this is going to be your stop loss, because from this price point, sellers took the control again. From this price point, sellers took the control again. So that is why we are going to mark this as our stop loss, right? Now, by using this trade logic, trend logic, how we can mark our entry in the gap-up short scenario? Very simple, very simple, right? So again, if you are clear with this trend logic, let's say this is your lower low, right, and then in this retracement you have a green candle. In this retracement, you have a green candle. So as soon as, as soon as low of that green candle, as soon as low of that green candle gets broke, you can mark your entry Again, what is the logic behind this? Green candle is nothing but buyers took the control. Green candle is nothing but buyers took the control, and when low point of that green candle is going to break. Meaning what? Sellers took the control.

[29:22] Speaker 1: And in the short opportunity, we want to go with sellers. In the short opportunity, we want to go with sellers. That's where whenever this low will get break, this low of this green candle, whenever this low will get break, I'm going to mark my entry. I'm going to mark my entry. Again, safe player will wait for closing of the candle. Self-player, safe player will wait for closing of the candle. So in this case, right, as soon as this green candle low gets break, meaning this candle is breaking that low point. So on the closing of this candle, I'm going to mark my entry. I'm going to mark my entry, right? And same stop-loss I will have, because there is no other opposite color candle in between. So this is going to be my stop-loss. So let's check risk-reward ratio in this case. Right? So now in this case, you got risk-reward ratio around 1.75. So in earlier case, risk-reward ratio was... Uh, how much it was? It was 0.95.

[30:32] Speaker 1: Now you got risk-reward ratio 1.75So likewise, to have better risk-reward ratio, if you are good in understanding the trend logic, if you are good in understanding the price action, and if you want to make early entry, you can use trend logic. Right? Sometimes it may happen that, sometimes it may happen that in the first one-minute candle itself, this entire range will get filled. Are you getting what I'm saying? In the first minute candle itself, this entire range will get filled, right? Meaning, uh, once this range will get filled, again, you will have closing of that candle somewhere here. So low of that candle is somewhere here. Again, buyers took the control because after gap-filling price, uh, people will book the profit or people will buy further apo- for, for further opportunity. So you will have price retracing and closing over here. So can you imagine? This is happening in the first minute itself.

[31:37] Speaker 1: And then if you are going to mark your ORB in this case, your opening range is this itself. So you cannot mark entry in this case. You cannot mark your entry using ORB in this case. So in that case, you can use the trend logic. You can use the trend logic. So this is how you can find the gap-up short opportunity. Again, I will summarize once everything about the gap-up short, and then I will take some questions. So please do not drop any questions till I complete my summary. Again, for a gap-up short, you will go onto the pre-market section, you will go onto the pre-market section, then you will have FO over here. You're going to filter out your stocks according to the percentage. You will see these stocks opening with 3%, more than 3% or around 3% gap-up opening. You will add that stock into your watch list, then you will switch to one-minute timeframe, right?

[32:37] Speaker 1: So further, to find your entry point, either you will use the ORB and after decisive breakout below ORB, you're going to mark your entry, or you will use the trend logic, and once the low of this green candle getting broke, after closing of the candle, you can mark your entry. Right? So I've given you two ways to mark your entry in the, uh, gap-up short thing. So this was about gap-up short. Right? And early e- entry is according to the trend logic. Once this green candle gets broke, you can mark your entry. Okay, gap-up short on LTI on 20 Jan, 20 January. Okay, let me check. LTI. Let me switch to daily timeframe. Okay. On 20 January. Okay, let us discuss this as well. And first, ƒ. Guys, now I'm taking another example. This was suggested in the chat box itself. Let us check the criteria, whether it is opening with 3% or not. You can go to consider this as closing. Okay. We, we got well, uh, well beyond 3%, so let us check this as well. Very good. Uh, LTI, 28th January.

[34:12] Speaker 1: Let me switch to one-minute timeframe. Okay. Yes. See, this kind of thing I was suggesting, right? So there is no entry, there is no entry, so nothing to discuss. See, if I'm going to mark my opening range over here, this is my high point, and this is my low point of the range. Right? Meaning what? The gap already got filled. The gap already got filled, right? So in this case, if you can find your opportunity using other strategies, like leg strategy, whi- which we are going to discuss, uh, in time to come, you can find opportunities using that, right So clearly, there was no entry using ORB. And even if we are going to use the, uh, what you can say, even if we are going to use the leg strategy, even if we are going to use the trend logic over here, trend logic is suggesting that as soon as low point of this green ca- candle is getting broke, I will mark my entry on the closing of the candle. So in this case, if this... Now, I will, for timing, I will delete this.

[35:35] Speaker 1: Now, see, this is the low of the green candle, right? So you can clearly see you haven't got the decisive breakout, you haven't got the decisive breakout, right? So in this case, if you want to go aggressive, definitely you can mark your entry. In this case, stop loss got hit, right? If you want to play safe, always wait for decisive breakout, right? So in... There was no defi- uh, decisive breakout, so no entry over here, right? So this was LTI. No entry, so forget about this. Right? Now, I will take few questions on gap-up short, and then we will discuss on other things as well. Shoppers Stop for gap-up short. Shoppers Stop? Yes, uh, is it a FNO stock? I don't know about this. Uh, if got, if GAP... Guys, guys, guys, please, please, please, please, don't repeat your question, I'm getting too much question. Uh, Manus on 12th Jan. Delta Corp on 12th Jan?

[36:42] Speaker 1: OkayGuys, la- last talk on this is, I guess, we have already discussed this Delta Cop last time it, it took this top loss or something like that. On 12th Gen. Last talk for gap up short, then we will switch to other discussion. Okay. See, this was already discussed in the last session, so let me quickly repeat this for you. Right? Huh. See, now in this case, in this case, if you are going to mark your ORB, I have already marked the ORB over here, so this is your high point of the range, this is your low point of the range, right? And, uh, once you will have the candle breaking the opening range, you can mark your entry. Now, some people will say this is not a decisive breakout. Absolutely fine. If you want to stick to the theory, don't enter. Don't enter. That is absolutely all right. Right? Being an aggressive trader, let's say you mark your entry over here, you got a good risk-reward ratio, right? Right? You got some point, and then at this particular point, your stop loss got hit.

[38:05] Speaker 1: At this particular point, your stop loss got hit. So if you wanted to play safe, this was not the decisive breakout. In that case, in that case, let's check the other scenario. Let's check the other scenario. Let's say you decided to play safe and you waited for the decisive breakout. Right? So this was not the decisive breakout, and now this is the decisive breakout you have. Right? So in this case, your stop loss is going to be this high, right? So which got hit immediately after your entry. Right? In the next three minutes, your stop loss got hit. That's it. Get out of the trade. Right? Or say if you want to mark your entry according to trend logic, as soon as you will get the closing below this, you are going to mark your entry. So even on this closing, your stop loss got hit at this point. Right? Huh. If, if your stop loss was having some buffer point, maybe your stop loss got saved and you got some profit. That's how it is. Right? Okay, guys. That's it for gap up short.

[39:15] Speaker 1: We will discuss some... Yes, yes, Gokul, I will, I will discuss some examples of decisive breakout. We, we have lot of, uh, charts to discuss after this. Okay. Now, new people who are having questions on the gap up short, as I said, please repeat this session number of times. We will have lot of examples to discuss in time to come. Right? We will have lot of examples to discuss in time to come. Okay. Yes, this is for gap up short. We need to make ORV on one-minute timeframe because we are going to find trading opportunities on one-minute timeframe. Uh, Arjun, uh, 3% gap up now, like, uh, we usually get 3% gap up on, uh, some events day or when the market is bullish, right? So rarely, like, uh, if I can recall, in the last two to three weeks, we are getting these gaps, uh, 3% gap rarely, but before that, in, like, uh, if you go, if you remove these three weeks, now, before that, we got plenty of gap ups, and every gap up short was successful. Every gap up short was successful.

[40:33] Speaker 1: It's just that, I guess, two week before, two stop losses got hit. Right? Okay, guys, that's it. That's it for gap up short. Now let us discuss the further opportunities. Right? Now, see, according to the 3% criteria, you can look for shorting opportunity Now, how to find other trade opportunities. How to find other trade opportunities. Simply now, you are still in the pre-market session, so people who are finding the stock selection issue or people who are having stock selection issue in the live market, what you need to do is, you select top four to five stocks in the pre-market itself, right? So again, you are on the FO only, and now I'm going to filter out these stocks according to the volume. According to the volume. Now, uh, again, let me refresh this if... Huh, just a minute. Huh. Now, this is according to the volume. As you can see, volume factor is decreasing. So what, in this case, what we have to do is, we have to focus on first four to five stocks.

[41:43] Speaker 1: First four to five stocks. And then let's see if you are getting good opportunity over here. Now, remember the difference that I'm giving you over here. On gap up short, on one-minute timeframe, I have not used any moving average, which I'm going to use in further strategy, right? This difference, clearly remember this. Now, for other opportunities apart from gap up short, I'm going to use three-minute timeframe. So now what we will do is we will, we will observe these four, first four to five stocks, and let us see if we are getting any opportunities using this, ORV. Now, uh, I have observed some stocks, so let us check Havells. And then... Acha, now let me, first let me switch to three-minute timeframe. Then Havells. Now, very simple. What I will do is, I'm going to mark my ORV over hereSee, what ... How I'm going to mark my ORB over here, I will wait for one opposite color candle formation, right? Then this low and this high point of the range, this high point of the range.

[43:10] Speaker 1: I have considered this red candle as well, right? So high and low point of this range, I'm going to mark as my opening range. As soon as I will have decisive breakout, as soon as I will have decisive breakout, I am going to mark my entry. I am going to mark my entry. So in this case, see, this candle went below the opening range but did not close, but didn't close below the opening range. So I will wait for further entry. Even this candle closed inside the range, so I will wait for further entry. Now, if you observe this candle, this is giving you a very good breakout, so you are going to mark your entry over here. So on the closing of this candle, I'm going to mark my entry. On the closing of this candle, I'm going to mark my entry. For stop loss, I will go back and I will find the green can- color candle, and then I'm going to place the high of that candle as my stop loss. So over here, this color is green, looks green, but let's check the, um, opening and closing.

[44:19] Speaker 1: So opening and closing is absolutely same, so this is a doji candle. If you want, if you want to play aggressive, you can keep this- this as your stop loss. No issues, right? If you want to play safe, you can keep this as your stop loss. Th- this was well within 1.5%, right? Now, again, what I'm doing, I'm going back and I got this green color candle, so a high point in this range, I'm going to mark my stop loss. So both the stop loss you can have. If you're going to consider this as the stop loss, absolutely fine. You are playing aggressive in this case, right? And if you want to play safe, keep the stop loss at this height. So this is your stop loss. Now, let us check, right? I have already marked the entry over here, let us check what risk-reward ratio you got in this trade. So you got around more than 1S22. You got around more than 1S22 or say 2.37, right? 2.37 you got.

[45:27] Speaker 1: Now, if- if this was your stop loss, right, your- your- y- your risk-reward ratio was more than 1S27, whatever it may be, right? I- I don't want to inflate that risk-reward ratio to give you a better feeling. It is not about the better feeling in the offline session, right, after the market closes. It is about how you are managing your emotions in the live market, right? So it is up to you where exactly you want to place this stop loss. But make sure that stop loss is according to the logic, not what you feel, right? So this is how you can mark your entry according to the ORV. Now, let's ... I want to give you some scenario wherein how you can award your entry using ORV. So for that, I'm using the moving average scenario, right? For that, I'm using the moving average scenario. So let us understand this. Now, first, I hope you already know what the basic- basics of moving average. So bas- moving average is nothing but mathematics of the price, mathematics of the price.

[46:36] Speaker 1: And again, we are going to use exponential moving average, not the simple moving average, right? So you will go to the Indicators, right? You will select the Moving Average, you will select the Moving Average right now, but I have already selected that. So by default, it is nine, so what you can do is you can go in the settings, check make it 10, whatever color you want to have, and select that. So this is your 10 EMA, right? We are also using 20 EMA. So what is the difference between 10 EMA and 20 EMA when we are using 10 and 20? So basically, whenever you will have fast momentum, we are going to use 10 EMA, right? And whenever you will have slow momentum, we are going to use 20 EMA. Now, to begin with, you can keep both EMAs on your screen, but with experience, you need only one EMA, and you can guess other e- other EMA as well. So, no issues. For time being, I'm keeping 10 EMA. Now, why I'm showing you EMA over here.

[47:38] Speaker 1: So here, I want to give you a case where- when to avoid ORV entry, when to avoid ORV entry. So, see, over here, this was our entry point. This was our entry point. So, in the live market, if you feel this entry is near to EMA, this entry is near to EMA, make your entry. And if this entry is far away from EMA, this entry is far away from EMA, wait. Wait. Don't enter. In that case, you will wait for price to close, or say to come close towards the EMA. As soon as price will come close to EMA, then you will mark your entry. Then you will mark your entry. So let's say, in this case, if you didn't enter at this point, considering the price was away from EMA, considering the price was away from EMA. So when I'm going to mark my entry now, so as soon as the price is coming close to EMAI'm going to mark my entry on the bearish candle. Why bearish candle? As I want to go short, I will look for red candle only, and I will mark my entry on the red candle.

[49:05] Speaker 1: So, I can mark my entry on this candle itself, right? Again, if you think price is close to the EMA, I can mark my entry on this candle. Again, if you think price is close to EMA, I can mark my entry on this closing, and I can mark my entry on this candle. So this is... This should be your last entry. Why? Now, in this case, price is bouncing from EMA. Price is bouncing from EMA. So you have lot of entry points over here. You can choose any point accordingly and keep your stops... stop-loss by going back, checking the last green color candle, and high point within that range. Right? Now, why I'm giving you different entry points, it is all about your visual representations in the live market. It is all about your visual representations in the live market. I can show you a entry which is giving you best risk-reward ratio, but then if you are not able to enter at that exact price point in the live market, you also need to have backup, right?

[50:16] Speaker 1: You also need to know different entry points where you can enter. So these all are your entry points, right? So, this is how you can use EMA to avoid your entry. So whenever the price is away from EMA, stop, don't enter, wait for retracement, or wait for price to come close towards EMA, and then plan your entry. Now, let me take some questions. Anmol, stop-loss for all these entry points, again, if you're marking your entry here, this, this high is going to be your stop-loss. If you are marking your entry here, this high is going to be your stop-loss. If you're going to mark your entry here, this high is going to be your stop-loss, right? Everywhere. But all the time, whenever you are getting the cluster like this, it is always safe to have stop-loss above all this cluster. So, safe stop-loss is going to be this one. Safe stop-loss is going to be this one. Whenever you will have a cluster like this, do not have a tight stop, tight stop-loss. Okay.

[51:33] Speaker 1: Hemant, no, you can take down the notes in the session itself. Timeframe, major timeframe for this strategy, three-minute. Whenever you are going to mark the entry using ORB, timeframe is three minute. Yes, on either side it breaks, you can plan your entry. See if, if it is breaking the, uh, upside, meaning buyers are strong, so you will go with buyers if it is breaking the downside, right? And, like, in this case, if you want to incorp- incorporate some more points, what you can do is, you can check the stock on daily timeframe and go with prior trend. ƒguys, whatever questions you have apart from this, we are, like... I always suggest you to repeat this session number of times, right? Now, what we will do is, we will check a few more examples for the similar entry, then you will have more clarity. Okay? So, let's check Concor, Biocon, Bajaj Auto. Sorry.

[52:54] Speaker 1: Now, from where I'm taking these stocks, guys, if you, if you go to the market depth, now we have completed the pre-market segment, right? Now I'm in to the intraday boost and high powered stocks. Again, over here, for new people, this is the best section you will have in the trade code for intraday trading, right? Again, for new people, we, we will have dedicated session on trade code on Thursday, so you will have more clarity about this, right? So whenever you will come to this section, you are going to filter out the stocks, or say you don't, you don't need to filter out. Uh, the stocks are by default according to the R-factor values, so what you need to do over here is, you need to consider the stocks having highest R-factor values. Just add these stocks in your watch list and observe the price action over there. If it is breaking the ORB, plan your entry accordingly, right? So just now, we discussed Havells, so now let us discuss Concor.

[54:14] Speaker 1: Concor, Biocon, Bajaj Auto, these four stocks we will consider for now, huh. Right? So very simple now. Guys, just a minute. Give me a break. All right, sir. So, uh, opening range in this case, right? So what I have to do now, I have to consider first green candle, and so this is the low point, right? I will wait for one, the red candle to form, and now this is the high point in that range, right? So this is your opening range, right? If I'm going to mark my entry according to the ORV, right? So, where is the decisive breakout now in this case?Right? Again, this is going to be visual representation. If you consider this as your, this as your breakout, you can mark your entry here, right? But, but let, let us consider different scenarios again, right? I know this is not a decisive breakout, but let us consider different scenarios. So let us say I'm going to mark my entry at this point. What is my stop loss?

[55:23] Speaker 1: My stop loss is more than 1.5%, so we will usually go with stop loss up to 1.5%. Now, why 1.5%? We are going to discuss that in tomorrow's session, right? So this stop loss is beyond 1.5%, so of course, I'm not going to enter here, right? Now, let's say I want to mark my entry on this candle. I want to mark my entry on this candle. So in this case, my stop loss will be this high point, this high point, right? So, you made your entry and you got a very good risk-reward ratio, right? So let's check what risk-reward ratio you got in this price point. You got risk-reward ratio around more than one is to eight, more than one is to eight, right? Again, at the end of ession, it is very easy to show you a higher risk-reward ratio, but it is all about how you manage your emotions in the live market, right? So what was your last entry point over here? What was your last entry point? You can mark your entry on many candles over here, right? You can mark your entry on many candles over here.

[56:39] Speaker 1: I can mark my entry on this candle. I can mark my entry on this candle. I will ... In the live market, I will not mar- mark my entry on this candle or on this candle. Why? Right? Because b-buy, like you can say, uh, buyers have retraced or, say, buyers took the control over here and that's why the price went up for some time, right? So if at all I have not marked my entry here ... In case if I have marked my entry here, I have placed my stop loss, so nothing to worry. In case if I have marked my entry here, I have placed my stop loss, so nothing to enter, nothing to worry. If at all I'm waiting in the live market to mark my entry, I will not mark my entry on this candle, though it is beyond the ORB, though it is beyond the opening range, but now there is a rejection from the lower side, so I will wait for further strength in the price action, right? Again, these are the flexibility. You need to be flexible in the live market.

[57:47] Speaker 1: You cannot stick yourself, you cannot bind yourself to the theoretical information, right? What was our theory suggesting? Theory suggesting the strong breakout ahead of the ORB, you can mark your entry. In this case, the candle is decisive breakout above the opening range, but I can clearly see the rejection, so buyers took the control in the end. So I will wait for further entry, right? So let's say in case if you are going to mark your entry on this candle, on this candle. So let's check what is your stop loss. So my stop loss is well within, my stop loss is well within 1.5%, so this is how I'm going to mark my entry, right? Now, in this case, in this case, though the price is away from EMA, as the candle was bouncing from EMA, I can mark my entry. I can mark my entry. Again, in the live market, if you feel you want to wait for price to come close to the EMA, you can wait. If you want to mark your entry, you can mark.

[58:56] Speaker 1: These are, these all are individual decisions that you have to make in the live market. So this is how you can mark your entry using ORB. Right? So this was Concur. Next, consider Biocon. Now, in this case, this is my opening range, right? Now, where exactly I got the decisive breakout? See, I got the decisive breakout on this candle, but the price is away from EMA, so I will not enter here. But the price is away from EMA, so I will not enter here. So, let us consider the next opportunity. Now, in this case, if, if at all, if at all, I'm going to mark my entry on this closing, on this closing. So let's check this stop loss. Sorry, short, short end, right? And my stop loss will be this high. This green candle high point is going to be my stop loss, right? So, you got more than one, uh, one is to one risk-reward ratio you easily got, and you can get around 1.5 as well, right? 1.5 as well. So this is how you plan your entry according to the ORV, according to the ORV.

[01:00:42] Speaker 1: Uh, how, how I decide whether the price is away from EMA or close to EMA? Visual representation. Visual representation, that's it. My visual representation ... Nikhil, "I have selected wrong line," meaning what? Let it, let it be. Let it be.No issues. Some, some fluctuations, you, you have to adjust not keeping a buffer in your stop loss. Abhishek, you can keep some buffer. Uh, no issues. See, over here, I am getting a stop loss of 2.35 points. If you want, you keep a buffer of, say, 10, 15 p- points more. Right? See, keeping a stop loss buffer is up to you. Uh, we should check both high powered or intraday boost. Yes, yes, Vijan. Uh, uh, if, like, you can, you can definitely check, uh, the high powered stocks as well. Uh, Y- you can't (?) , how to exit, how to set target, we are going to discuss in tomorrow's session. Uh, was the Biocon entry, uh, that was the buy entry in Biocon also. Yes, yes, yes. In Biocon, there was a buy entry as well. Right? No issues at all.

[01:01:57] Speaker 1: You can, you can find the buy entry as well over here. Right? So you can also find the buy entry here, but, uh, usually, usually it is not suggested to go bullish and bearish in the same stock. Right? So let's say, let's say you missed this... Sorry. Let's say you missed this section in the beginning, in the beginning, right? And then you observe this stock in this... over here, right? And then if you are getting the opening range breakout, you can mark your entry on this candle closing, right? But usually don't find long and short opportunity both in the same stock because if, if it is giving you both the entries, meaning this stock is volatile, right? So maybe it can take your stop loss. So last stock we will discuss for this now is Bajaj Auto. And then we will move to the next strategy. Okay. See, over here, this is your low point of the opening range, and this is your high point of the opening range. Again, I'm considering the red candle and the first green candle.

[01:03:22] Speaker 1: And then low point of this range and high point of this range, I'm going to mark as ORV. All right? And then there was no decisive breakout below this opening range. There was no decisive breakout below this opening range, so no question of marking the short entry over here. Now, when I'm going to mark my long entry here, right, there are multiple points. So you can, let's say, we are going to mark our entry on this candle, right? Again, now people will say this is not the decisive breakout. This is not the decisive breakout. Now let me give you few more logic over here. Right? See, at this particular point, you can clearly see a rejection. You can clearly see a rejection over here. Meaning what? Sellers took the control. Sellers took the control, right? And the next candle is now engulfing candle. Engulfing candle. It is also a bullish Marubozu. It is also engulfing candle. So that shows strength. That shows strength in the price.

[01:04:31] Speaker 1: So definitely, now in this case, according to ORV, I will not wait for decisive breakout, and I'm going to mark my entry on the closing of this candle itself by keeping the low of this green candle as my stop loss Why? Because if I will go back, this is my red candle, and low p- point of this red candle, or low point within this range is the low point of this green candle. So this is going to be my stop loss. And accordingly, I'm going to mark my entries over here. Guys, these small, small points, I'm ex- I'm me- mentioning over here, like how you can be flexible in the live market, how you can make your entries by changing small, small deviations in the, in the theoretical definition learning that you have with you. Tha- these small, small point is nothing but advanced price action.

[01:05:30] Speaker 1: And now from where these points are coming, these points are coming by having a good e- experience in the market, by having a in-depth understanding of the price action, by having a good kno- knowledge of the candlestick formation. Right? So this is all nothing but advanced price action. Right? So to understand all this, you need to be very bas- you need to have basic understanding of the candlesticks. Right? So this is how you can make your entry in the Bajaj Auto, and then you got very good risk-reward ratio till the, till this high point. Right? For now, I can show you a risk-reward ratio more than 1 is to 10, but let us lea- keep that on to the next day, how exactly you are going to take the exit from this stock. Okay. Goku, how to select the target? We will discuss in tomorrow's session. Just a minute. I, I'm going through some questions, but what is the best timeframe to pick stocks from intraday boost or high power support?

[01:06:58] Speaker 1: Uh, see, uh, starting from 9:20 to 9:45, best time to pick these stocks from intraday boost, but that doesn't meanAfter that you can neglect or you have to neglect the Intraday Boost. It's just that if you already got stocks in that first 20, 25 minutes, focus on those stocks. If you are not getting more entries, if you are not getting good entries, then only take more stocks from the IB. Uh, Rutvik, you don't have to filter stocks from IB. It, uh, these stocks are already filtered according to the R factors. What you have to do is focus on top four to five stocks. Okay, guys, I'm having, I'm having many questions for now, so let's, let's keep for that some time, right? And now let us discuss the next strategy. I will take some questions towards the end of the session. Uh, sorry, if we wait for 9:40, uh, wouldn't we miss the three-minute ORV? No, no, no, Mahir, I- I am not saying wait till 9:40. I am saying keep observing the stocks in IB till 9:40, 9:45. It is all up to you.

[01:08:21] Speaker 1: Let's say you got two stocks in the first five, ten minute itself, you got entry in both the stocks, then you don't have to watch IB after that, right? Okay. Just a minute, guys. Uh, Kamal, uh, I prefer Intraday Boost over High Powered. Both are good, both are important, but it's just that High Powered stocks are major contributor in the sectorial indices, right? So I... Why I avoid or why, why I don't trade in these stocks or why I don't focus on these stocks is because sometimes if those stocks are contributing major... having major contribution to the indices, there can be a index management thing, and to manage the index, you may see management, uh, or say, "Ma-... These stocks can be managed." That's why I don't see High Powered stocks. And anyways, if I'm getting... If I'm getting good number of stocks in the Intraday Boost only, I don't have to focus on High Powered Stocks. Saying that, saying that, I don't mean don't focus on High Powered Stocks.

[01:09:43] Speaker 1: There are people who don't look at Intraday Boost. They will focus on High Powered Stocks only. So, you need to find your edge. If you are comfortable with Intraday Boost, focus over there. If you are comfortable over High Powered Stocks, focus over there. If you are comfortable with pre-market, focus over there. It is all up to you which strategy, which section you are comfortable with. ORV, what about volume? Always prefer increase in volume. Uh, Rahul, uh, ORV against prior trend for short term. (clears throat) Uh, Rahul, if you are getting the ORV breakout, uh, uh, that there is a prior trend, right? Then only you will get the breakout, right? Meaning the stock is moving in one trend only. Again, see, when to award, you can add multiple conditions to award. That is up to you. Okay, now, next strategy, next strategy. Let's say... Let's, let's take a hypothetical scenario now so that you will have better understanding of the next strategy.

[01:11:10] Speaker 1: Now, if you remember, we discussed the trend logic. What was that trend logic? Now, let me, uh, remove this. Right. Now, I'm giving you a different strategy now, which is called a LEG strategy, what is called LEG, L-E-G, LEG strategy. Now, what is that? For that, let us understand the trend logic or let us go back to the trend logic. Let's say this is your uptrend. Let's say this is your uptrend. Now, consider in this uptrend, you missed your entry in this case, right? You missed your entry in this case. Whatever may be the reason, whatever may be the reason Let's say you, you couldn't watch that stock for this price movement, right? Or say, uh, ORV breakout was not giving you decisive breakout, or say price was away from EMA. For whatever reason, in case you missed the opportunity, entry opportunity over here, can we make entry by using other logic? So, that other logic is nothing but LEG strategy.

[01:12:31] Speaker 1: Remember, LEG strategy we are going to use when the stock has already moved and you could not place your order within the earlier movement. So there, you're going to use the LEG strategy. So, understand what is LEG strategy now. So, in this case, see, in this case, this is your first leg, then you have a retracement, then second leg, then you have a retracement, then third leg, then you have a retracement, then fourth leg, then retracement and so on. So, what we will do is, to mark our entry... to participate in this rally. After the first movement, we will wait for price to retrace, and in this retracement we are going to mark our entry over here. Now, how to mark entry over here? Again, we will have some conditions for that, but for time being, just understand it here. So we will mark our entry on this retracement, and we will participate in the ne-next leg.

[01:13:42] Speaker 1: Let's say you again missed in this session, or in this leg, I will again wait for retracement, and I will participate on, upon the retracement for the next leg. So this is how I'm going to mark my entry on, in the next leg, in the next leg. So again, leg strategy is nothing but, in case you are missing out your opportunities in the earlier moment, in the earlier moment, then you will look for entry using leg strategy. Entry using leg strategy, right? So this was the theory. Now, let us understand some conditions for this entry point. Now, what are our conditions? What are our conditions? So, so, whenever, let me, let me clear this. So, whenever you are having a movement, so this is nothing but prior movement. So very, very important, whenever you are going to mark your entry u-using leg strategy, prior movement is very, very important. Prior movement is very, very important. That prior movement can be on the same day. That prior movement can be on the earlier day, doesn't matter.

[01:15:05] Speaker 1: Prior movement is important, right? So, so let's say I got the movement, I got the movement like this, then in this case, whenever the price is moving so high, the price will go away from EMA. The price will go away from EMA, right? So in that case, we will wait for price to consolidate and then moving average, then the price to come close to the moving average, right? Whenever you will see, uh, price moving like this, you will see, usually you will see price going away from EMA. Going away from EMA. So in this case, you will wait for price to consolidate, and then price and moving average will come close, right? Or you will see a retracement, you will see a retracement and then consolidation around EMA, and then you, once you will see a marubozu candle. A marubozu candle. What do you mean by marubozu candle? Basically, marubozu candle depicts the strength, so whenever you will see a strength into that trend, upon strength, you are going to mark your entry, right?

[01:16:27] Speaker 1: So in case, if you want to mark long entry, you will wait for bullish marubozu candle, or you will wait for bullish candle showing strength getting form. So once you will see a bullish candle getting formed over there, showing strength, then you are going to mark your entry. Again, conditions, you will wait for price to retrace, or you will wait for price to consolidate so that price and EMA are close to each other, and then bounce from EMA, and then bounce from EMA with a candle showing strength. With a candle showing strength. So you are going to mark your entry on this candle. So you are going to mark your entry on this candle, right? Again, again, guys, marubozu candle is basic of the price action, basics of the candlestick. Marubozu candle is nothing but this kind of candle, right? High and close is almost same, low and open is almost same. This is nothing but marubozu candle, right? Now, let us see some examples to understand this second leg strategy, right?

[01:17:46] Speaker 1: So let us check our earlier examples, only Havells, Concor Biocon, and do we have any leg opportunities over there? So Havells, Concor Biocon, we will check. Right? Okay. Now, this was our earlier entry, as discussed, right? So this entry was also according to the leg strategy. Now how? Let me clear the, everything, right? So let's say, uh, you, you missed your entry in the initial phase, you missed your entry according to the ORV hypothetical situation, right? Maybe this stock was not in, in your watch list, maybe the stock was not in IB in, or pre-market. It was not anywhere, right? Or let's say you got this stock in IB, say, after 10 o'clock. After 10 o'clock or around 10 o'clock, right? So in that case, if you see, the price was already moved, right? The price was already moved around 2%, right? The price was already moved around 2%. So in this case, how we are going to mark our entry using leg strategy over here?

[01:19:08] Speaker 1: So what I will do is I will wait for price to come close towards EMA, and as soon as I will see a bearish marubozu candle, I'm going to mark my entry.I'm going to mark my entry. So this can be my entry using leg strategy. This can be my entry using leg strategy. This can be my entry using leg str- leg strategy, right? So the perfect entry is this candle, right? Now, this was the same entry using ORB as well, and this is the same entry using leg strategy as well. Again, I'm repeating what I'm explaining you for leg strategy, in case you missed your entry in earlier moment, you will wait for price to consolidate. You will wait for price to consolidate, and then price to come close to the EMA. As soon as you will see a bounce with Marubozu candle, or a bounce with strength, or bounce or, say, fall with strength, you are going to mark your entry on the closing of that candle. So this is your entry according to the leg strategy.

[01:20:15] Speaker 1: Now, this entry we have already discussed, so let us take the other example. Concor. Okay. Uh, again, second leg strategy, we already discussed over here, so let us... Let's see. Now, in this case, see, in case, in case you missed your entry according to ORB, or you don't want to enter at this price point because price is away from EMA, further wait for consolidation, retracement, and then price to come close to the EMA. As soon as you will see a bearish Marubozu candle bouncing from EMA, on the closing of this candle, you can mark your entry. So this is going to be your leg strategy. This is going to be your leg strategy. So this is how you can mark your entry to take the benefit of trend continuation, to take the benefit of trend continuation. Now, again, this was the same entry that we discussed in ORB as well. So let us take other example. Biocon. I want to show you a entry which was different than ORB, so let, let's wait for some time. Okay. Okay. Let us take this example now.

[01:21:50] Speaker 1: Right? Okay. So, in this case, in this case, let's say this was your ORB, right? And, and in case if you want to enter using ORB, you can enter over here. But now consider you missed this opportunity. You missed this opportunity, and now you want to participate in the further rally. So how you're going to participate, I will wait for price to consolidate, and then price to come close towards EMA. As soon as price come close to the EMA, and then you see a bounce from EMA with the strength, with the Marubozu candle, I'm going to mark my entry on this candle. So, I will mark my long entry over here. The low point of this consolidation, I'm going to keep this stop-loss. So, like, I, e- e- you can keep this stop-loss over here. You can keep this stop-loss over here. So it is up to you where exactly you want to keep this stop-loss, right? And then, I can ride this trade. So I got more than 1 is to 2. I got more than 1 is to 2, right?

[01:23:02] Speaker 1: Depending on at what time you are getting entry using leg strategy, accordingly manage your risk-reward ratio. If you are getting entry after 11:00, 11:30, play safe, go for 1 is to 1, 1 is to 2 only, right? If you're getting entry after 11:00, 11:30, 12:00, go for 1 is to 1, 1 is to 2 only, right? So this is how you can mark your entry using leg strategy. So let us discuss some other examples. So, uh, let us consider the example of Biocon as well. Biocon, I guess we discussed that. Uh, Shree Cement. Shree Cement. Shree Cement. Ah. Okay, this is the best example we have. Now, let's say in this case, you want to enter using ORB. So where is your entry point now? Hmm. Right? Again, you are getting same entries So let's say now, using ORB, this was your decisive breakout. Using ORB, this was your decisive breakout. But then you did not enter here. You did not enter here. Why? Because the price was away from EMA. Because the price was away from EMA.

[01:24:35] Speaker 1: So what I will do now, I will wait for price to consolidate, and then price to come close to the EMA, right? So this is all the consolidation I have over here, right? This is all the consolidation I have over here, right? So as soon as I will have a candle showing strength and breaking all this consolidation, I'm going to mark my entry. I am going to mark my entry. So this is your short entry in this case. Now, why this candle? Because, because this candle is showing strength, first of all. This candle is showing strength. Plus this candle is breaking all this consolidation, right? So I'm going to mark my entry over here by keeping the stop-loss of this high point... by keeping the stop loss of this high point or this high point, whatever it may be. Right? If you want to consider this green candle, you can keep this high as your stop loss, and then ride the trade. Right? Again, I'm repeating over here, the entry using leg strategy.

[01:25:43] Speaker 1: If, if the entry, according to ORV, is far away from EMA, I will wait for price to retrace or to consolidate around the EMA, and then I will wait for price to bounce from EMA, right? And on that bounce, I'm going to mark my entry, right? Keeping the stop loss beyond the consolidation. So this is how I can plan my entry over here. If you want, you can keep the stop loss here. If you want, you can keep the stop loss here. It is all up to you. This is going to be the safest stop loss, right? And then, see what, what risk-reward ratio you got towards the end of the day. More than one is to three, or around one is to four. Right? So that's how it is. So this is your leg strategy. This is your leg strategy. Huh? Uh, let us take the example of other, other, other examples as well. Sree Cement, TVS Motor, Hindustan Unilever, Persistent, Pidilite Industries, Polycab, Chola Finance, Bata India, Mphasis, MFSL. (inaudible) guys.

[01:27:00] Speaker 1: Now, what I will do is I will take some random examples from your side. Time frame from leg or time, time frame for leg strategy, till 11, 11:30, use three-minute time frame. After 11:30, uh, switch to five-minute time frame. After 11, 11:30, 12, sw-switch to five-minute time frame. Polycab. Okay, let me take Polycab example. Not a good trade it was. Okay. Let me check. Okay, guys. Where exactly I can mark my entry, right? See, over here, see, this is your day started over at this particular point, right? Now, I can see price is consolidating around EMA, right? And over here, I can see the bearish candle getting formed. So am I going to mark my entry on this candle? If you have good understanding of the price action, definitely yes. But is it the entry according to the leg strategy? Obviously not. Because to mark entry according to the leg strategy, you need prior trend. You need prior trend, meaning what? This is your prior downtrend, then consolidation, and then continuation, right?

[01:28:36] Speaker 1: But here, there is no prior trend. So I am not going to mark my entry using leg strategy over here. If you have some other strategy, definitely yes, no problem. Now, next. Now, this is... Just a minute. This is now. Now, I can see some downfall over here, so this is my first leg, right? Over here, I can see some downfall, right? And then consolidation, and then price coming close to the EMA. Now, as soon as I will have this bounce from EMA, I can mark my entry on this closing candle, on this closing candle. So what I will do, I will mark my entry on this candle by keeping the stop loss over here. Right? So what I did is I went back, and then green color high is my stop loss. Right? So let's check what you got over here. At least one is to one... Yes. Right? At least one is to one, we got Now, again, as the entry was around 1 PM or after 1 PM, the entry was a-after 1 PM, so focus on one is to one, max one is to two. Focus on one is to one, max one is to two.

[01:29:56] Speaker 1: This is your leg strategy in the Polycab. So I hope, Pooja, you got the answer. Let's take some other... Okay, okay. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, after 1 PM, definitely we need to switch to five-minute time frame. So, okay, let's check five-minute time frame as well. Okay, you're getting same entry on five-minute time frame as well. No issues. The stop loss will be this high, right? And then, yes, you, you still can get one is to one. No issues. Right? So this is your leg strategy in the Polycab. Guys, please explain for what you want to see that chart. Right? Don't, don't just put the name of the stock. Bharti Airtel leg strategy . Let's check. Enough. You need to remind me, uh, if, if I'm using a different time frame. Bharti Airtel using leg strategy. Okay. So clearly, I can see this fall. I can see this fall. So, see, this is, this is your first leg. Now, I can see a consolidation over here. But then, no candle is giving me a confirmation.

[01:31:16] Speaker 1: No candle is giving me a confirmation to mark the bearish entry. Over here, again, consolidation, but no candle is giving me a confirmation to mark my bearish entry. Right? Yes, yes, guys, you can use 20 EMA, no issues. You can use 20 EMA. It is up to youSee, some people are saying, "Rishikesh, sir, inform to use 20 EMA". That is up to you. That is up to you. As I said, let's... Let's... Let's have 20 EMA over here. Let's have 20 EMA. That's what I said, guys. You need to be flexible with the price action. You... Right? Huh. Now, what difference you... you will get over here using 20 EMA? Nothing, right? So, now, where exactly you are going to mark your leg entry over here? As the entry is around 2 o'clock, right? This is after 2 o'clock. So usually, uh, fresh entry after 2:00 PM, uh, we will avoid, but just to study purpose, uh, if this is going to be my entry and if this is going to be my top loss, I guess you got one is to one. Like... Yes, you easily got one is to one over here.

[01:32:34] Speaker 1: Hmm. Okay. Kiteshi is saying, "Hind Petro". This looks good, very good. Right? So, see... See, this was... Now, see, you can mark your entry using leg strategy early morning as well. How? How? See, this was your earlier leg, this was your first leg, you got the consolidation here, and then... then, in the first candle itself, the price is bouncing from EMA. The price is bouncing from EMA, so you can mark your entry using leg strategy on this candle itself. You can mark your entry using leg strategy on this candle itself. Right? Now, see, this was the very first candle on the day. This was a very first candle on the day. What is your ORB now? ORB is wide over here, but still, if you have this stock in your watch list, considering this as a prior trend and then consolidation, you can enter using leg strategy early morning as well, right? And you got a very good risk-reward ratio over there. In case, in case you didn't enter on this first candle, where is the next entry now?

[01:34:07] Speaker 1: (coughing) Where is the next entry now? So again, this is your next ra- next range, uh, next leg, and this is your consolidation around EMA. This candle, this red candle, showing the strength and breaking all the consolidation can be a good entry. All right? So let me show you entry over here. Right? So, you can mark your entry at this price point by keeping this stop... Sorry. By keeping this stop loss, right? You can keep the consolidation high. You can keep the... In this case, your stop loss will be this. If you want to keep some buffer, keep the consolidation high as your stop loss, right? So, this is how you can go ahead, right? And you got more than one is to three, right? You can also make entry using leg strategy over here, right? But make sure... make sure there are not more than three legs in the intraday, because usually in intraday, after three, four legs, price will get exhausted, right?

[01:35:23] Speaker 1: So make sure you are making your entry in the second or third leg itself, or I will say f- second leg only, not for third leg, when exactly the exhaustion will come, right? So this is all about the leg strategy. Prior trend means, uh, how many candles should we consider? Shweta, again, prior trend means visual representation. How many candles? That depends on timeframe. If you are using 15 minutes timeframe, you will have only one candle. If you are using one-minute timeframe, you will have multiple candles. So that is, again, going to be a visual representation. Okay. Just a minute, guys, huh? I'm checking some questions. Sometimes, please... Um, ƒ, so, guys, uh, y- uh, there are lot of s- stock-specific questions, so, uh, maybe we will see some questions tomorrow as well. No issues, right? I- if I'm not checking your questions, that doesn't mean... Uh, so just a minute.

[01:37:05] Speaker 1: It seems that in intraday, Booster, we have wait till 11:00 AM to keep our stocks in trader and have to wait for two-leg entry also with ORB to get two is to one. Yes, yes, yes. If... If you are missing early entries, nah, keep some, uh... uh, plan according to the leg strategy. What is two or three leg means? Mohammed, I already explained that. I... I've given thorough explanation o- for that. If you are not clear, please attend... please repeat the session. Yes, yes, Sanath, EMA is important in ORB to avoid the, uh, entries far away from EMAOkay, guys. Okay, fine. I will, I will take some questions, uh, after two, three minutes. Uh, can we quickly have a feedback for this sess- just a minute. Just a minute. Just a minute. Can we quickly have a feedback for this session? Did you learn something new in this session? Uh, have you got some confidence out of this? Okay. Okay. Yes. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Guys, repeating session will definitely help, huh?

[01:38:52] Speaker 1: Because as I said, if, if you are a new, uh, maybe in the intro session only, I, I have said, uh, we are sharing our seven, eight day... Seven, eight years of experience. So this is really difficult to understand everything in just two-hour session itself. So I will request you to keep on repeating these sessions. Keep on repeating these sessions. In every session, you will have more clarity. In every session, you will have more clarity (clears throat) . In every session, you will get some new points which you can incorporate in your discussion in, uh, in your live market as well. Yes. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. So I had no issues. In case you missed, you can repeat that on next Saturday. Okay. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Now, uh, okay, there are some questions, uh, according to the timetable. See, now, uh, in your timetable, uh, we have mentioned pre-market style. So what is pre-market strategy? Pre-market strategy is nothing but gap of short.

[01:40:18] Speaker 1: Then in the timetable, we have mentioned advanced price action. What is advanced price action? Advanced price action is nothing but this small, small flexibility in the price action which we are explaining you. So that is coming from our experience. So that flexibility is nothing but the advanced price action. Now, there is IB and HP strategy. Now, what is IB and HP strategy? IB and HP strategy is nothing but this intraday boost. IB is intraday boost, and HP is nothing but high powered stocks, right? So this is nothing but IB and HP strategy. So which strategy you can use over here? Leg strategy. So in case if you are missing the stock in the earlier moment, you can find leg opportunity over here. Now, see, I have shown you number of stocks. I have shown you number of stocks wherein you can find the leg strategy as well or leg opportunity as well, right? Okay. Uh, Nayan, Nayar Factor is, uh, uh, basically a simple value derived from lot of calculations in the background.

[01:41:31] Speaker 1: We will discuss this in detail in the Thursday session. Don't worry. Okay. Good. Now, uh, tomorrow, uh, we will have module two. So in that module two, I'm going to discuss the daily contraction setup. I'm going to discuss the daily con- contraction setup, and then the risk management part, very, very important. So in that, you will learn how to plan your exit, how to increase the, uh, what you can say, how to increase the risk reward ratio, how to get... how to be max... how to get the consistency, uh, in your daily trading, right? We will discuss some psychological points, and then towards the end, we will have around half hour, uh, one hour Q&A session. Right? So I'm, I'm going to take few questions as of now, what people are asking about the tomorrow's session. Okay. ORB applicable for intraday only. Hemanti, yes, absolutely, again, ORB is not a strategy. ORB or leg strategy will work best on the stocks coming from, uh, intraday boost, or coming from trade code. Why?

[01:43:01] Speaker 1: Because these stocks are backed by data. Because these stocks are backed by data, right? Don't use these strategies on random stocks, because momentum may not be there. Srikanta, uh, maybe, uh, like, maybe next week. Do you usually do cash or future for these strategies? We need... Uh, I, I prefer cash. I prefer cash trading (clears throat) . ORB, but it is away from EMA, we should enter. Uh, no, no, obviously not. Uh, 22S Shubham Agarwal, obviously not. If price is away from EMA, uh, you can wait for retracement. Uh, Chetan, for tomorrow's session link, you will get on the portal only, tcistudents.com.Vishav, yes, leg strategy and ORB is applicable on indexes as well, but make sure in- your entries are backed by data there. Why? Because the index is not that easy. Index is, uh, lot of manipulations you will have. Lot of big, like, big guys are making the manipulation over there, and index is supposed to be sideways, not trending.

[01:44:21] Speaker 1: We are finding leg strategy ORB to participate in the trend, right? And usually, that will not happen in the index. So make sure if you are using ORB leg strategy in the index, that should be for sculpting and not to remain in the trade for long d- long time. Tomorrow, 11:00 AM. Yes, Akil, percentage column for gap-up short. Acha, again, again, if there is a... In the timetable, if there is a momentum spike strategy, what is momentum spike strategy? Momentum spike strategy is nothing but referring to this five-minute momentum spike, adding this stock into your watch list, and then if you are getting entry according to the leg strategy, plan your entry accordingly. (clears throat) Plan your entry accordingly. That is nothing but momentum strategy. Again, entry is dependent on leg strategy only. I gave entry at one marker. Okay. Uh, Aniket, Tuesday class, we will have on Tuesday only. I will, I will take the LOM class on Tuesday itself.

[01:45:39] Speaker 1: (clears throat) Uh, Shivam, 10 EMA for fast momentum, 20 EMA for slow momentum, momentum. If you are not getting watched, what is fast momentum, what is slow momentum? Simply add both the EMAs on the chart and check if price is respecting 10 EMA, use 10 EMA thereafter. If price is respecting 20 EMA, use 20 EMA thereafter. That's it. Very simple. Sh- uh, Shamala, no. In case, in case ORB is very big. (smacks lips) Let's say this is your ORB, right? And what, what exactly happened? Let's say this is your first candle of the day, and then you got the retracement. Over here, you got the consolidation, and then you are getting the bounce. Then you are getting the bounce. So this entry is according to the leg strategy. This entry is according to leg strategy. So sometimes or many times, this leg strategy entry can be within ORB, can be within ORB. It is just that make sure you are going to get the good risk-reward ratio. That's it.

[01:46:46] Speaker 1: (clears throat) Sarvana, high-powered strategy is nothing but (coughs) observe the stocks from high-powered stocks, add that stock to your watch list, and check if you're getting ORB entry or leg entry over there. That is high-powered strategy. Momentum spike strategy is nothing but observing the stock in the momentum spike, adding that stock to your watch list, and planning your entry according to the ORB. Mostly in the momentum spike, you will get entry using leg strategy. Yes, Madhu, R-factor will update, but not time to time. Only if there is change in the activity, R-factor will keep on changing. With stocks that appear in IB after 12 PM like that, is there any other strategy to trade? Madan, if the stock is appearing after 12 PM in the IB, nah, mostly that stock has already given momentum. So you can check for leg strategy over there. Tomorrow we will discuss daily contraction segment. Yes, thank you, Ashirwad. Now Gokul, cash means, uh, this equity only.

[01:48:06] Speaker 1: You, you are going to buy with your money, not with leverage. Uh, in the entire day, you can have some leverage, but, uh, f- for future, you need, uh, more leverage. And in the future, you cannot be flexible with the quantity. You need to go with the lot size. But in the cash, uh, you can buy whatever quantity you want. You can sell whatever quantity you want. (clears throat) Srikanta, no. As of now, uh, like, see, Rishi sir will take session as and when he is available. We were planning his session for tomorrow, but then with some personal reason, again, uh, he's not available for tomorrow as well. Tarun, Tarun, uh, your question is little bit, little bit big. I need to go back to the chart again. So I will suggest you to repeat this session again. You will have more clarity. Don't worry. Don't worry. I guess this is your first session, so, uh, you will have more clarity in every session. Give some time. Uh, Mayur, swing, swing trading session is rescheduled on Tuesday only.

[01:49:24] Speaker 1: "Sir, you did very good. I like your all session." Thank you, Rohan. Ah, "Just, just say step-by-step process daily, how you select stocks?" Just a minute, I missed that question. Uh, "From IB and what type?" Okay, Anand is asking... Basically, Anand is asking the question, how to select stocks, right? As I said, Anand, start your day with pre-market.Start your day with pre-market, mostly in case if you are not good with the stock selection in the live market, focus on the pre-market stocks only. Either focus on the gap up short for gap up short opportunity. If not gap up short, add first four to five stocks in your watch list according to the volume factor, and just observe the ORB breakout in those stocks. That's it. In case if you are not getting good stocks from pre-market, then focus on IB, right? Prasad, five-minute momentum chart will update only after the moment, right?

[01:50:46] Speaker 1: So, uh, of course, that moment, that momentum will take place and then that will get reflected in the trade code. So that can take around... So that can take some time. Even NSC data is not updated exactly on time. Acha, uh, yesterday's bank nifty entry, uh, Chinmay sir will explain in his Monday session. Yes, yes, yes. Tomorrow we have class on module two. LM session will be conducted on coming Tuesday. Can we select pre-market stocks for short entry? Irfan, see, whether to make long entry or short entry, it depends on the price action. Definitely you can have pre-market stocks for short entry as well. Pre-market or HPSIDB, should we check daily timeframe for support or resistance before entering the trade or ignore that? Abhishek, uh, if you have time to check daily timeframe, do that. I, I sometimes do that. I sometimes do that. Gokul, uh, in case if your doubt is not answered, you can always raise the ticket on support portal. No issues. IB means intraday boost yoga. Yes, correct.

[01:52:23] Speaker 1: NKD, uh, stop loss after leg strategy, use same logic or the consolidation high or low. If you are planning short entry, consolidation high is your stop loss. In case not clear, please keep on repeating this session. In every session, you're going to learn new things. Raghav, when to exit, we will discuss in tomorrow's session. Uh, Rugved, best time to... for momentum spike is early morning only. Again, first 10, 15 minutes, you can focus if you are getting good entries. See, momentum spike is all-time section you can keep on watching. All-time section, throughout the day you can keep on watching that momentum spike, no issues, but in case if you're getting entries with first 10, 15 minutes stocks only, see, after you got two to three stocks to mark your entries, no need to keep watching the trade code. Even I will say, let's say you got good profit in the first hour only, shut down your system and find out some other work. Don't keep watching the market for the entire day.

[01:53:49] Speaker 1: Best timeframe ORB, three minute. If it is gap up short, one minute. Venkatesh, I got your suggestion. We'll, we'll think on that. Uh, Jitesh, you will start getting the stocks from 9/16, 9/17 itself in the IB. Mom- Mohammed, budget day strategy, maybe Chinmay sir will discuss in his option sessions. Can we get a trend also from the IB that backed by... No, no, no, Sudhanshu, see, Sudhanshu is asking very good question. Can we get a trend from the IB? No, not at all. You will get these stocks backed by data only. What trend you have to take or what trade you have to take, bec- that you have to observe from the price action. Yes, yes, yes, Pratap Singh, Chinmay sir session on option is on Monday itself. Nikhil, leg strategy, can we use in options? Uh, yes, definitely you can use, but then as we are planning very small risk-reward ratio in the leg strategy, uh, make sure you are going to scalp. You're going to use the scalping over there. Don't hold that trade for too long.

[01:55:14] Speaker 1: Anand, okay, Anand is asking good question. If nifty is down and if some stocks are giving ORB on long side, can we enter long? Right? Again, uh, Anand, if you want to play safe, avoid. If you are a good, like if you can interpret the price action very good, go with price action. If price action is suggesting you go long, go long. Don't, don't worry about it. Maximum what can happen, maximum it will take your stop loss. That's it. See, always trade by keeping the preparation for the worst outcome. What is the worst outcome? Stop loss will get hit. That's it. Venkatesh, I have noted your suggestion. Okay, guys, I'm getting some re- repeated questions. Chalo. So that's it. We will, we will stop here and we will, we will, uh, discuss or we will have more Q&A session in the... in tomorrow's session as well, right? Chalo, thank you. Thank you.