[01:23] Speaker 1: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Good morning. Yes. Yes, Rajnish. Today, we will conduct the second module only. Good morning, everyone. We will wait for one or two minutes. Uh, till then, if you have any questions, uh, you can drop. We will... I will discuss some questions for some time, and then once, uh, enough number of people will join, we will start. (clears throat) Can we take entry on 930 candle based on trend trading in Havells? Mm. Yes, of course. Trend, trend trading in Havells, like, if, if you have some logic, uh, based on price action, definitely Mohit. No, no issues. It is not at all mandatory that you need to follow only ORB or leg strategy. If you have your own setup, that is absolutely fine. Manoj, stop loss for leg strategy, uh, consolidation high or low? Like, if you are making a long entry, consolidation low will be your stop loss. Mohan, we are planning on live trading. We will update you on the portal itself, tcistudents.com.

[02:54] Speaker 1: The repeat session of swing module 10, can you please take it again on Wednesday? I need to learn that. Nandan, uh, on, on this Tuesday only, we will have, uh, LOM session of, uh, the swing trading. Don't worry. Mohan, no, no. Exact date, not yet. Uh, whatever update you will have, that will be uploaded on the l- that will be updated on the portal itself. (clears throat) Abhishek, uh, please ask your question in the option session. Uh, Chandra, please, please don't continue right now. Uh, what you can do is, uh, attend first session tomorrow and then, uh, join for the second session, because, uh, this is part of the first session, we are going to discuss over here. So, you will not... you will have lot of confusion. So, I will suggest avoid for timing. Pratap Singh, I usually don't, uh, predict, or I usually don't believe in, uh, predicting the uptrend, downtrend. I, I go with the market. Like, if market is going upside, I will go with the bulls.

[04:06] Speaker 1: If market is going down, I will go with the bears. That's it. Mayur, uh, there are some stocks which are following the trend of NIFTY, and there are some stocks which will not go with the NIFTY. So, accordingly, you need to choose, right? If you are using Zerodha, I guess there is a compare option wherein you can analyze whether the stock is following the NIFTY trend or not. Ankit, I'm absolutely fine. Sree, Sreešail, if ORB is high, you can use leg strategy. Why selling has low volume but big candles? Uh, because of the fear. Because of the fear. Litesh, Rushi sir, uh, uh, is busy with, uh, some work for you people only. So, maybe he will conduct some session in the next week. (clears throat) Chandan, you can repeat the session for second leg strategy. Uh, Rahul, again, uh, you need to analyze whether the stock is following, uh, or respecting 10 EMA or 20 EMA and accordingly you need to use. Don't, don't force yourself, uh, to have a bookish theory itself, right?

[05:35] Speaker 1: Kumar, there is no stop loss for ORB. Stop loss should be logical according to the candle formation. Ramesh, uh, like, okay, the question from Ramesh is... Acha, so, this, this I'm improving from yesterday's feedback. Like, there was feedback yesterday, in yesterday's session that I should read out the question loudly. So, Ramesh is asking how to filter out these stocks from daily contraction. I... Sometimes there are 15 to 20 stocks. The only answer is, by looking at the charts. Nothing else. There is no shortcut.Uh, normal momentum spike I discussed in yesterday's session itself. Piyush, we will discuss daily contraction setup. No, no, no. ORB Just the way of execution, not a strategy. Yes, yes, Jai S- Jai Singh. Yes. Achha. Theek hai, guys, I'm, uh, I'm having, uh, lot of questions over here. I will take few more questions and then we'll start with the session. No, no, Dan. There is, there is another session, BO Session for swing. So, that will be conducted on next Tuesday. Okay.

[06:53] Speaker 1: Ganesan, uh, next Saturday only. Yesterday's class will be repeated on next Saturday only. Okay. Chalo. So, uh, now let me introduce to the new people and then, uh, I will give you idea about the contents for today's session. Then we will continue. Okay. So, good morning, everyone. Uh, for new people, I'm introducing myself. So, I'm Prashant. I'm a mentor at TCI. So, I usually conduct module one, two, three, four pro mentorship program. Uh, I'm having, uh, good experience with the market. So, basically, in this session, uh, whatever sessions I'm going to cover, apart from theor-theoretical knowledge, apart from the rules and conditions based on theory, I will also share some of my experiences. I will also share how exactly you can be flexible in the live market, right? So, this was, in short, about me. Uh, we, we already met in the intro session. We already met in other modules as well, right? So, this is, uh, if people are joining for the first time th- to this session.

[07:51] Speaker 1: Okay, then, uh, what exactly we are going to cover in this session? So, firstly, uh, we will start this session with, uh, the daily contraction setup. So, uh, i-in your syllabus, you must have seen momentum, momentum trading. So, momentum trading is nothing but daily contraction setup, which we are going to discuss in today's session. So, in trade core, when you will... whenever you will go to the pro setup, at the bottom, you have this daily contraction, right? So, we are going to discuss this in detail. So, it will take around one, one and a half hour, and, and according to the number of examples, right? Then, uh, after we complete this session, we will start with very important point in the trader's trading journey Very important point in the trading journey, which is, uh, risk management. Which is risk management? Now, this is... as I said, this is the most important... Achha. Just a minute, guys, ha. Some people cannot hear me. Mm. Am I, am I loud and clear, guys? Okay. Okay.

[08:58] Speaker 1: Okay. Yes. Thank you. Thank you for the confirmation. Just a minute, ha. Let me drop... Yes, yes, yes. Just a minute. Okay. Ha. Now, uh, so, after that, we will cover, uh, risk management part. Again, this is going to be a theoretical discussion, but very important points we will discuss. So, in this risk management, I'm going to, uh, discuss how exactly you can trail your stop-loss, how exactly you can save your target, how exactly you can maximize your profit, maximize your risk-reward ratio, right? And then, uh, how to manage risk overall. So, I'm going to discuss, uh, this in today's session. Then, while sharing this, I will also discuss some psychological points, right? So, again, psychology is not going to be a separate topic. Now, according to your syllabus, according to your syllabus, entry-exit parameters is there. So, entry, we have discussed in yesterday's session. Exit, how to plan exit, how to set target, and all those things, we are going to discuss in today's session.

[10:09] Speaker 1: Now, what is position sizing? That everything, you will get to know in, in today's session itself, right? So, uh, have some patience. You will get all the answers. Okay. Uh, Ravi, I, I don't think, uh, eh, there is any tool in Zerodha for risk management. If, at all, there is any, I, I'm not aware about it. Right? And you don't need any tool for risk management. Don't worry. Just, just wait for the session and you will have all the answers with you. Okay? Chalo. So, uh, let us begin with the daily contraction setup. Right? So, now, first understand what is mean by daily contraction. So, firstly, uh, I will cover some theory part, I will cover some logic behind this setup, and then we will g- move... uh, then we will move on to the charts. Right? Okay. So, what is daily contraction? As the name suggest...

[11:07] Speaker 1: as the name suggest, daily contraction is nothing but whenever, whenever the candle size is going to contract, whenever the candle size is going to contract on daily timeframe, the stock will appe-appear in daily contraction Now, what do you mean by... again, the size of the candle is going to contract. What do you mean by that? So, not every candle which is going to contract will appear over there. So, firstly, let me talk about what is exactly the contraction. So, let's say, this is your... okay. Let's say, this is your previous day candle, right? This is your previous candle. And on to this day, like, on this day, you got this candle, onto this... on this candle. So, this was the high and low of previous day, and now, high and low of this day is this. So, whenever the candle is getting form inside the previous day's range, inside the previous day's range, right? Meaning whatHigh and low of this candle is completely within the high and low of previous day's candle.

[12:18] Speaker 1: That is going to be your insider candle. That is going to be your insider candle. And this insider candle is nothing but contraction. This insider candle is nothing but contraction. Now, not every can- contraction you will have in daily contraction setup. There are some conditions mentioned. There are some conditions given in the background of TradeCore. Accordingly, TradeCore is going to filter out these stocks for you, and then probable setups, probable setups you will have in the daily contraction setup. Now, color of the candle doesn't matter. Color of the candle doesn't matter. Whether it is green candle, red candle, doesn't matter. Right? We will se- we will, we will see some specific examples wherein you have different color candles, so don't worry about that. Right? Now, why exactly... Like, okay, first understand now, uh, the logic behind finding the opportunity over here. The logic behind finding the opportunity over here.

[13:16] Speaker 1: So as I said, once you will have insider candle, and if that particular insider candle is appearing in the daily contraction setup, what exactly we can expect out o- out of this. All right? Now, there are lot of insider candle scenarios, and people usually trade insider candles, but then they have different strategy, u- uh, and we are going to follow different strategy. Now, for your addition, value addition, I'm also going to share what people usually, what people will follow with the insider candle, and then I will talk about the strategy-specific discussion, like how exactly we are going to trade. Right? First, understand the logic behind this insider candle formation. So over here, see, buyers could not take the control, and they could not take the price further high of this previous day. Right? Meaning what? See, if buyers can take the control on the price, they can easily take the price further up. Right?

[14:20] Speaker 1: But in this case, neither buyers took the control and price did not go, uh, above the previous day's high, nor sellers took the control and price did not go below the previous day's low. That is what insider candle means. Insider candle means what? Neither buyers took the control nor sellers took the control. That is what is insider candle. Now, how usually people trade this? How usually people will trade on this opportunity? So, very simple. Whenever the candle, or say whenever the price... Onto the next day now. So let's consider this is your first day, this is your second day, wherein you have insider candle. Now I'm talking about the third-day scenario. So whenever... Like, how exactly people will trade? Now, whenever this particular price is going to cross the yesterday's high, meaning this point, whenever the price is going to cross this yesterday's high, people will go long. They will find long opportunities. They will find long opportunities.

[15:30] Speaker 1: And whenever price will go below this low point, right, you can find sale opportunities. As simple as that. As simple as that. Whenever price will go above yesterday's high, you can go long. Whenever price go below yesterday's low, you can go short. And that's why, that's why, so far, if you have followed social media for intraday, uh, what you can say? For intraday calls, you must have seen, like, they will give both the trade opportunities, meaning what? Let's say Godrej Properties, right? So what, what they will say? They will say, uh, "Buy if goes above 1-9-6-0," and they will say, "Sell if goes below 1-8-4-0." Meaning what? They are giving both the calls. Buy above this, and sell below this. So giving these both calls is completely dependent on the insider candle. They are open for both the opportunities. They are ready to go long. They are ready to go short. Right? So this is how, in general, people trade insider candle. Now I'm talking about in general.

[16:44] Speaker 1: Now, how exactly we are going to trade this, or why we call it as momentum trading, right? So for that, let me clear this. Okay. Now, again, what strategy we are going to follow over here, or why we exactly call it, call it as momentum trading. So, very simple, very simple. Let's say this is your insider candle, right? Now, what we will do is we will not have both the trade opportunities open. We will fixed in which direction we want to go, in which direction we want to go. Now, how exactly we are going to fix that? Again, we are going to consider the prior trend. If the prior trend is uptrend, we will find the long opportunities. If the prior trend is downtrend, we will find the short opportunities. Right? Again, I'm e- I'm telling you the difference, right? So, again, we will not have both the opportunities open. We will decide whether to go long or whether to go short on a prior day itself. Now, how exactly we are going to decide the prior trend?

[17:55] Speaker 1: For that, we are going to use moving average. For that, we are going to use the moving average, or you can say visual representation. So whenever your moving average is like this, you can say it is uptrend. Whenever your moving average is like this, you can say downtrend. Let me show you some examples of moving average, or uptrend, downtrend, all those things. So-See, now over here, see, this is the slope of moving average. So whenever you will have a slope going towards upside, that is nothing but uptrend. Whenever you will have moving average going in the downside, so the slope will be in the downward direction. So this represents... This represents the trend. Right? So this is very simple. Whether to know... Like, how to know whether the stock is in uptrend or in downtrend. So simply by following the... Simply by following the moving average, right?

[18:55] Speaker 1: If you are good with the visual representation, even by looking at the candle itself, you will get to know that the trend is uptrend or downtrend, right? So this is how we are going to decide in which direction to go, right? So we can do that either by using moving average or you can do that by visual representation, right? Now, this was about the prior trend. We will go only with the prior trend. If the prior trend is uptrend, we will find long opportunities. If the prior trend is downtrend, we will find short opportunities. Now, how exactly we are going to trade this or what conditions we are going to fix for this. So for this, whenever you will have that particular stock in this daily contraction setup, it is hundred percent an insider candle. Hundred percent an insider candle on the daily timeframe, right? So there is absolutely no need to check the daily timeframe. If you want to analyze further, definitely you can do that. No issues. Definitely you can do that. No issues, right?

[20:07] Speaker 1: But the analysis that we are going to do for the further day trend opportunities, or say for the next day trade opportunities, we are going to that on hourly timeframe. So currently now I'm switching to the hourly timeframe. Okay, so da- Godrej Properties, I'm discussing from the daily contraction itself, right? So that's how I have taken the Godrej Properties, right? So for analysis now I'm switching to hourly timeframe, right? So whenever you will come on the hourly timeframe, you can clearly see over here the moving average. Now over here, which moving average I'm using? I'm using 20 EMA. I'm using 20 EMA. So again, understand why EMA and why 20 EMA. The experience with the 20 EMA suggests that it is the best indicator to follow. It is the best indicator to follow. So on my screen you can see there is no cluster of indicators, only 20 EMA I'm using. Again, to talk more about EMA, what is EMA? EMA is basically the mathematics of the price. The mathematics of the price.

[21:19] Speaker 1: So, mathematics of the price is represented by this line. Now, so what it represents as, as this is simply the mathematics of the price, at some point of time in the trend, the price will come close to the mathematical value. The actual price will come close to the mathematical value, to the mathematical calculation, and that's how you will see price approaching towards EMA. That's how you will see price approaching towards EMA, and that is why what exactly we are going to decide over here is, whenever the stock is in downtrend, we will find the long... Sorry, we will find the short opportunities over here. So make sure... So make sure your candle, hourly candle closing is below this 20 EMA. To go short, hourly candle closing should be below this 20 EMA. Sometimes it can happen that...

[22:19] Speaker 1: See, over here you can see sto- like, the candles are getting up, so let's say hourly candle closing above, hourly candle closing above and then it is again going below the EMA So one or two candles exception we can keep, no issues, but then it should again fall back and it should again close below the 20 EMA. Right? Let's say now you want to go short over here, but then hourly candle is closing above the 20 EMA. So in this case, simply ignore. Simply ignore that scenario. And that's how you're going to filter out the stocks from the daily contraction. Right? So let's say there are 20 stocks. So maybe, it may be possible that only one or two stocks you will get for the next tra- next day opportunities. Maybe you will get only four or five stocks for the next opportunities. That number is completely flexible. You have to analyze all these stocks and based on that you can fix some stocks for the next day opportunities, right? Okay. Again, I'm repeating.

[23:24] Speaker 1: Every analysis that we will do for this setup will be on hourly timeframe. We will go with prior trend. So if the prior trend is downtrend, that we can identify. Prior trend we can identify from moving average. So if the prior trend is downtrend, we will find the shorting opportunity. If the prior trend is uptrend, we will find the long opportunities. Now, how to find the opportunities? Again, exactly as, as I've explained earlier. So if we want to go long, we will go long once the price crosses previous day's high. If we want to go short, we will go short once the price crosses previous day low. Right? That's how we are going to find the opportunities. Now how you are going to identify previous day's high, previous day's low? Again, visual representation. You can easily identify that on hourly timeframe. So over here, you don't have...

[24:23] Speaker 1: You don't need this indicator, yesterday's h- open, high, low, closeIf you are not, like- if you are finding difficulty in predicting the previous day's high, low, and all those things, you can use yesterday's open, high, low indicator. But absolutely not necessary. I will, I will show you, uh, uh, v- in the summa- in some examples. Right? So I hope now theory is clear, and then we can switch to the, we can switch to the examples. Yes, Kamal. It i- it is, it is NR7 only. (pause) Acha. See kind of how to take entry, I'm going to discuss that. Candle should close on hourly timeframe. See, this is, this is to analyze whether the stock is in uptrend or downtrend. Hourly analysis is to identify whether the stock is in uptrend or downtrend. Entry will be on, like, as we are planning the intrady entry, as we are planning the intraday entry, that entry will be on three-minute timeframe. That's it. Ah. Uh, okay. Now Manish saying, "What if the prior trend is sideways?" Ignore. No issues.

[25:43] Speaker 1: Santosh. Okay, okay. See, Santosh, okay, okay. Got it. Got it. Okay. That's, that's a great observation, Santosh. Santosh is saying, "There is no insider candle in the yesterday." Because, see, uh, daily contraction is saying insider candle on 20th, on 20th, right? And yesterday, like last trading day was 21st, so you don't see that insider candle. We will go and check over there. Don't worry. Why three and not five? We need again... Uh, if we are finding the intraday opportunity, if you are getting the opportunity before 11:30, 12:00, you can use three-minute timeframe. If not, after 11:30, 12:00, you can use five-minute timeframe. Santosh, I hope you got the answer. Okay. No, no, Saurav, again, I'm repeating. See, on, on daily timeframe, it is absolutely going to be an insider candle, so no need to check daily timeframe. You have to check hourly timeframe to determine or to decide the prior trend, whether the prior trend is uptrend or downtrend, right?

[26:45] Speaker 1: You can have 20 EMA over there, and then accordingly, you will, uh, decide whether to go or long. Then, you will mark the high or low of that day on hourly timeframe. You will have that in, in your chart itself. Then for the entry, you will use three-minute timeframe. So for entry, again, three or five-minute timeframe, depending on the, at what time you're going to find the opportunity over there. So for entry, again, we will follow our yesterday's entry patterns that we have studied. So entry, uh, should be based on either ORB or entry should be based on, uh, leg strategy. So, you can find entry using these two points. On one-day timeframe, right? No, no, no, Shirang. Prior trend is to be checked on hourly timeframe. Yes, yes, yes, Tarun, I'm showing some example. Just a minute. Okay. See, people, people are getting confused with the, uh, y- uh, with the timeframe. So one final time, I'm repeating the timeframe. One final time, I'm repeating the timeframe.

[27:55] Speaker 1: No need to check daily timeframe. No need to check daily timeframe, because whenever the stock will appear in the trade code daily contraction, it is absolutely an insider candle on daily timeframe. So, you can start your analysis using hourly timeframe, right? On hourly timeframe, you will have 20 EMA over here. Whenever the stock is below 20 EMA, you will find short opportunities. Whenever the stock is in, uh, is closing above 20 EMA, and if the prior trend is uptrend, you will find the long opportunities. Now, in both the cases, how to decide prior trend? So prior trend, you can decide with the slope of moving average. With the slope of moving average. So if moving average is sloping in the down direction, you can say prior trend is downtrend, o- or vice versa. If the moving average is in the up direction, you can say prior trend is uptrend, right? So that's it. This was the theory. Let us consider some examples, so that you will have more clarity with the examples.

[28:59] Speaker 1: Now, I will start with all the examples. Now, as you can see, over here, on 21st, the last trading day was 21st. So there is no, like, uh, not even a single example of the daily contraction on 21st, right? And you can see number of questions like... Sorry, uh, number of, uh, stocks appearing in daily contraction on 20th. So, we will randomly select some stocks, and we will analyze how exactly these stocks performed on Friday, or say, on 21st. And then, uh, we can decide how to trade these stocks, or we can discuss how to trade these stocks. Right? Okay. Guys, hold on, hold on to all your questions. You will get answer for all your questions whenever, like, uh, during the example discussion. So the first stock is Grasim. Now, f- I'm going on a daily timeframe just to show you the charts, right? Because these are not for, like... These insider candles are not for previous day. The- these are for 20th.

[30:10] Speaker 1: So as you can see, see, this is the green candle on 20th is your daily contraction candle, right? Now, to find the trade opportunities over here. Now, what I have done on the daily contraction, I have marked low of that day.Right? Now f-- so, this was not marked on daily timeframe, it was marked on hourly timeframe. So simply, th-this is how f-- you will have insider candle. So, as I said, no need to check daily timeframe. I'm, I'm just showing you how exactly the insider candle look like. So, you can see this candle closing below, yes, previous day's high and previous day low. So, this is inside the previous day's high and low. Now, simply switch to hourly timeframe. Now, we, we were having insider candle on 20th, insider candle on 20th. So, see, uh, this green candle was your first candle for 20th, one-- so, uh, okay. Day ended on this. So, this was your 20th day. Right? Now, over here, the moving average is suggesting me a downtrend.

[31:27] Speaker 1: Moving average is suggesting me a downtrend, and even the visual representation is c-clearly showing the stock is in downtrend. Right? That's how. Don't get confused. Again, like see, if you switch to the u-up-- uh, on, on the daily timeframe, you can clearly see on daily timeframe, stock is above 20 EMA. Right? So, that's why you will have different analysis on daily timeframe and hourly timeframe, so don't get confused between this. All the time, use hourly timeframe to analyze these stocks for intraday opportunities. Right? Now, what I said? This was your insider candle on 20th. So, if, if the stock is in downtrend, if the prior trend is downtrend, I have to find short opportunities over here. I have to find short opportunities over here. So, what I have done, I have marked low of that day. So, I have c-marked low of that day. So, let me, uh, remove the drawing again. N-now, see, this was your insider candle. So, what I'm doing is, I'm, I'm just checking the low of that day.

[32:34] Speaker 1: So, this green candle low is around 1814, and this is around 1813. Right? So, d-definitely, I'm going to mark this, this as the low. So, 1813. Actually, um, I'm not taking the exact low, because it will take time to find the exact low. So, let's mark this. Just a minute. You can, you can use yesterd-- actually, let me use yesterday's high-low indicator as well, but then, that is not useful in the analysis. Uh, okay, fine. No, no, let us not use that, because... 1813. All right? So, this, this is w-- now, this is how I have marked the low. Now, what we have to do is, whenever the price closes, or whenever the price will go below this low, we will find the short opportunities. Right? Now, so let us say, now, you are in the live market, and how you are going to find the trading opportunity over here. So, now I'm switching to three-minute timeframe. I'm switching to three-minute timeframe, and as you can see, the line that I've marked over here is representing the yesterday's low.

[34:00] Speaker 1: The line that I've marked over here is representing the yesterday's low. Right? So, see? Now, how, how you can go l-short over here? Whenever the price is going to... clear all this custar-- cluster. So, you see, this is-- there is a strong cluster over here, so whenever price will go below this cluster, will close below this cluster, I'm going to find the shorting opportunity. Right? So, I will enter at this point. I will enter at this point. Maybe over here on this candle. Right? So, this is how I'm going to plan my entry. Now, for time being, let me delete this. See, this, this rectangle was just to show you the cluster. Right? And then, uh, my stop-loss will be this high. Right? So, this is how I'm going to trade. Right? So, you got around one is to... Take it more than one is to three, you got. Right? More than one is to three, you got. Again, how I marked my entry, I was waiting for price to go below this yesterday's low, to go below this yesterday's low.

[35:25] Speaker 1: Now, when the price will move to, uh, wh-whenever the price will go below this yesterday's low, I will use moving average. I will use moving average. Now, let us check the 10 EMA as well. On intraday timeframe, I'm using 10 EMA. Again, don't get confused. Right? So, over here, see, uh, the first closing you got below this point is this. Now, see, don't get confused. I'm, I'm giving you a psychology in the live market. I'm going, I'm giving you a psychology in the live market. So, make sure you will not have confusion out of this. Right? I have already given you the entry for this. So now, let us talk about the, uh, other entries as well. Right? So, see, uh, uh, this, this could have been my first entry. This could have been my first entry, as price was closing below previous day low. But I can, I can avoid this entry considering the price is away from EMA, considering the price is away from EMA. Similarly, I can avoid these entries considering the price is away from EMA.

[36:35] Speaker 1: Now, what I will do is-Between this, I have one strong bullish candle with the increase in volume. Between this, I have strong bullish candle with the increase in volume. So what I will do is, I will wait for the price to break this low. I will wait for price to break this low. Right? And that's how I said, uh, in this cluster, I will-- I will, he- I will have little hesitation in the live market to mark my entry. See, right now, I can show you lot of entries. I can say, I-I will enter here, I will enter here, I will enter here. But considering I am into live market, I will wait for price to cross this low as well, or to have a strong red candle bouncing from EMA. Right? So that's how, uh, we can plan our entry over here by keeping this small stop-loss, and we can ride the trade. So that's how, uh, this insider candle, this daily contraction, gave you a good risk-reward ratio in Grasim, in Grasim. So this was the first example. Let me check some questions.

[37:50] Speaker 1: "Could have entered at 10 as there was a black Marubozu candle?" See again, entry is up to you. Entry is up to you. So what I am giving you is, I am giving you different scenarios when, uh, when to enter. Right? Entry is based on ORB. So if you, if you want to plan your ORB over here, see, if you are going to plan your ORB, what is that? This is your high point of the... Chalo. Let me, let me take out all the drawings. See, uh, if I'm going to plan the ORB, this is my opening range. This is my opening range. So what I will do, now, I have to wait for price to close below this. I have to wait for plice, price to close below this. Right? So once I have, I will have price closing below this, I can mark my entry. I can mark my entry. So that is how you can plan your entry by keeping this small stop-loss and ride the trade. Suresh, "Should we take entry before 11 AM?" Not, absolutely not necessary. Whatever point you are getting the entry, according to the setup, go with it.

[39:05] Speaker 1: If it is after 11:30, 12:00, use five-minute timeframe, no issues. "How to take high probability entry with logic, volumes, volume-strong candle, clearing the cluster?" Yes, Aditya, correct. Correct. See, whenever there is a price cluster, whenever there is a price cluster, what this cluster indicates, this cluster indicates buyers and sellers are having a tug of war. Buyers and sellers are having tug of war, and neither buyer won the battle, neither seller won the battle. So as a trained trader, we will wait either buyer to won that battle or seller to won that battle. If seller is going to win, I will go with seller. That's how it is. That is why I am saying, wait for that cluster to break, right? So there is also a ORB. There is also a leg strategy, right? So see, over here, the price is bouncing from EMA, and then you got your entry. So whatever strategy you are, m- just make sure that don't blindly enter. Don't enter blindly. That is what you need to follow. Right?

[40:11] Speaker 1: Even if you have already decided that I want to short and you are seeing a number of red candles over there, but then you are not getting entry according to the setup, simply ignore, right? Simply ignore. It is not that in the stock market, you have only one opportunity with you. Right? So find, uh, find entries according to the setup only. Where to keep stop-loss? Uh, let's say, uh, I, I have discussed now. So let's say, if you are going to plan your entry over here, if you are going to plan your entry at this point, uh, this can be your stop-loss, right? If you want to keep some buffer, go to this green candle. I- it is up to you. Where to keep stop-loss is again up to you. Make sure that it is within your 1.5% limit or 1% limit. Yes, Rajneet, if you are comfortable with five-minute timeframe, use five-minute timeframe starting from 9:15 AM. No issues. No issues. How to trail? I will discuss afterwards. Rajneet, I prefer three-minute timeframe up to 11:30, 12:00.

[41:21] Speaker 1: Uh, Vipul, yes, absolutely, you can take swing trade using insider candle as well. But again, we will discuss that sometime later, not today. Okay. Chalo. So let us take another example, so that you will have more clarity. Right? Okay. Next is VUDL, uh, on the same date. Okay. First, let me go to hourly timeframe. Okay. See, now I am on hourly timeframe. Guys, chalo, with your visual representation, what to do now? With your visual representation, what to do now? I- I am expecting some answers from your side. Yes, very good. Very good. Because the stock is consolidating, the moving average is also flat, ignoreThe moving average is also flat, ignore. Right? So just by visual representation, I am saying ignore this stock, right? So that's what you need to analyze. So with this, with this speed, even if you are having twenty stocks in the daily contraction, it- it will not take much time. So let's go to Godrej Properties on the same date. Then why VEDL is shown in the daily contraction?

[43:13] Speaker 1: Because it will have insider candle on the daily timeframe. See, there can be insider candles like this. Okay, (Bengali) , let me clear this. There can be insider candles like this. This is your daily, uh, daily candle, then this is your another insider candle, this is your another insider candle, meaning what? You have a consolidation. You have a consolidation, so you can have this kind of daily contraction as well, right? We- we can ignore that. Mayuri, yes, yes, you can- you can mark high and low on hourly timeframe, no issues, but for now, as we are going to ignore this stock, we will not mark anything over here. Why- why to waste our time in analyzing that stock? Okay, let's check Godrej Properties. Okay, now this was on 20th, on 20th. So let me keep only 20 EMA on hourly timeframe. Okay, so 20th is this. So this red candle is your first candle on 20th, and this- this- this is the entire candle formation on 20th.

[44:33] Speaker 1: Now, the moving average, or this red candle, is clearly suggesting the downtrend. It's clearly suggesting the downtrend, right? Even see, can you see a kind of leg strategy, uh, structure on the hourly timeframe? Right? See, price went away from EMA, then it is retracing to 20 EMA, and then the further fall, right? So now let us find the opportunity over here, how exactly we can trade this. So what I'm doing is, as the further trend, or the- as the prior trend is downtrend, I have to find shorting opportunity. So what I will do, I will mark the day's low. I will mark the day's low. So now I have marked this line representing day's low. Now, to trade in the intraday, I will switch to three-minute timeframe. Just a minute. Huh, right? So I've switched to three-minute timeframe. Now I- we have to find the opportunities on three-minute timeframe. So, this is our three-minute timeframe. Let me delete this, right? Huh. Right? Now, there is a cluster of candle itself.

[45:52] Speaker 1: Clusters of candle itself, right? See, uh, a- and now for intraday, I will also have 10 EMA, right? And let me remove 20 EMA for intraday, or keep it as well, no issues, right? Okay, now let us mark our ORV first. Let's check if we are getting entries early in the morning. So this is your ORV. This is your ORV, right? So, ORV is too big, right? So, uh, you will get the opportunity very late, right? So what we can do, right? As we want to go short, let us have the time, right? Now, see, eh, within ORV itself, you are getting a lot of clusters, so definitely in the live market, I will not trade this. Definitely in the live market, I will not trade this, and for this downtrend, if I'm getting the opportunities, for this downtrend, if I'm getting the opportunities, how I'm going to look at this, right? See, now, prior trend, downtrend. Now, this is just for study. As I already studied in the live market, I will not trade this, but just to understand the example.

[47:03] Speaker 1: This was your prior trend, which is downtrend. I- now, I am on intraday timeframe, huh? Now, I am on intraday timeframe. I am in the live market. So this is your prior trend, so downtrend, right? Now, the- this is going to be the chart after 1:30 P.M., right? So what I will do is I will switch to five-minute timeframe. Yes, I will switch to five-minute timeframe, right? Now, I can clearly see a downtrend over here, so whenever I will have this strong bearish candle, whenever I will have this strong bearish candle clearing all the cus- cluster, clearing all the cluster, meaning what? See, this was the intraday support, so that also got broke, right? And you also got the bearish candle bouncing from EMA- EMA. So, uh, so I can mark my entry over here. So let me mark my short entry, so this is going to be my entry, by keeping the stop loss at this point. By keeping the stop loss at this point, and then I will trade, right? So you got risk-reward ratio more than one is to two.

[48:14] Speaker 1: You got risk-reward ratio more than one is to two. All right. Okay, now, why, like, there is a question, why exactly I will not trade in the live market? I usually f- don't find the fresh entry after 2 P.M. I usually don't find the fresh entry after 2 P.M., and maybe within this cluster, I will not have confidence to find the trading opportunity in this stock. Right? Consider now I am in the live market, I am observing lot of stocks, whenever I will see such a cluster, I may remove that stock from my watch list.I may remove that stock from my watch list. Right? So this is-- I'm telling you how exactly I, uh, I will have my thought process in the live market. Right? So that's how you can trade in the live market. So, uh, i-it- it- it gave you more than one is to two or something like that. But, uh, that doesn't make any sense. That was after 2 P.M. Right? So just understand this. This is just for your understanding. Stop-loss is too low.

[49:23] Speaker 1: That is absolutely fine, but the stop-loss is logical. Nah? Stop-loss is too low. That is absolutely fine, but it is according to the logic. What logic I'm using? I'm using the opposite color candle and high of that candle is y- I'm using as the stop-loss. Right? Okay. chalo. Next, analyze further stocks over here. Mmm, okay. Chalo. Now, what I will do is, I will take some stocks from your side. See, bullish entry, bearish entry, that is not dependent on me. So, uh, you can suggest some stocks. Chalo, I- I- I got two stocks, DLF and HCL. But you also have to tell me which date huh? Okay, DLF is on the same date. And where is HCL? I don't see HCL over here. Chalo. Let us analyze DLF till then. Okay. So for analysis, I will switch to hourly timeframe. Okay. The stock is in complete downtrend, as I can see, right? Now, this was your 20th. Let us analyze the 20th first. Okay, so this was your cluster for 20th. Uh, first candle is this. So this is your cluster on 20th, right?

[50:46] Speaker 1: As I have to go short, because the trend is downtrend, I have to go short. So what I will do is, I will mark the low of that day. I will mark the low of that day. So now, this- this is my low. This line is representing my low. So let us find the trade opportunities on three-minute timeframe for intraday. Acha, I'm having, uh... Okay, so let me remove this as well. Okay, so now, I am on 21st. I am on 21st. Just to avoid the confusion. Okay, so let us establish our ORB. This is our ORB. Right? So now, see, I got- I got the decisive closing below this ORB. So this candle is giving me decisive closing. But I will avoid my entry over here, because the price is away from EMA. Because the price is away from EMA, right? As you can see, price retrace back to the EMA, and now you have further fall. Now you have further fall, right? So where exactly I'm going to mark my entry? Not on this candle, because there is a considerable wick at the bottom.

[52:16] Speaker 1: Now f- I'm- I'm going to plan my entry using leg strategy. I'm going to plan my entry using leg strategy, right? So, th- there was a considerable wick at the bottom, so I'm not confident to use the leg strategy over here, right? Then, uh, again, this candle is also having considerable wick from the bottom, so I'm not confident to plan my entry on this candle, right? So here, I got a good strong candle. So this is my strong candle now. This is my strong candle now. And then, I can plan my entry on this candle, right? So, let me remove all other points. (sniffs) Right? Now, I'm going to mark my short entry. So... And then, my stop-loss would be... See, again, see, you got the green candle here itself, so if you want, you can keep the stop-loss at that point. And if you want to have the safe stop-loss, use another candle. Right? So this is going to be my stop-loss. And let's check what risk-reward ratio you got. Right? You got around... more than one is to two.

[53:34] Speaker 1: You got more than one is to two. Okay, okay, okay Saurav is asking good question. Just a minute, huh? Saurav, meaning, this- this candle itself? Okay. Thik hai. Thik hai. Okay. Good question from Saurav. Saurav is asking, why exactly I'm not waiting for this green candle to break, right? Saurav, if you want, you can wait. No issues. If you want, you can wait. But as I said, I'm using a leg strategy over here, so I'm considering this green candle as the retracement candle. Green candle as the retracement candle towards CMA, and then the fall in process, right? So there are already lot of bearish candle, but then I- I waited for a good entry. I waited for a good entry, right? So that's how it is. Okay, sorry, I- I have- I have marked the incorrect entry over here. So this- this should be my entry. This should be my entry. We discussed this, right? Uh, and then, same stop-loss, and then you got one is to one. Right?

[54:48] Speaker 1: So this is how you can trade the daily contraction setupHow to maximize the profit? We will discuss that, Tarun, just a minute. Sir, in daily contraction, can we take entry after it breaks previous day high low, or should we wait for the opening range to be formed and break? Shweta, tsk, it is up to you. What you can do is, you have to back test all these things. Now, let us consider your scenario. What you are saying, you want to plan your entry immediately after the low gets break, immediately after the low gets break. So, what was your low in this case? Okay, let me clear all this. We will, we will establish that low first. So, see, uh, let me use this indicator. Okay, see this, uh, this red line in, is indicating previous day low. This red line is indicating previous day low. If you want to plan your entry just on the basis of low, you can plan your entry on this point as well. On this point as well, right?

[55:54] Speaker 1: There are multiple points you can plan your entry, but remember, it will also take your stop loss. So, let's say, if you are going to plan your entry at this point, your stop loss will be this, and you can clearly see the stop loss is taken over here. Right? It is not that, uh, whatever strategy I am discussing, it will not take the stop loss. But we, we just want to have some, uh, strategies, some rules for our entry as well, and that's why our rules are either ORB or leg strategy. Right? So, leg strategy can be within the ORB itself. Leg strategy entry can be within the ORB itself. Okay. But green candle is a strong demand zone. Uh, Bhawdeep, if you are talking about this green candle as a strong demand zone, you can wait for this low to get break. No issues. Delta Corp and Biocon. Okay. <|startofprev |<|startofprev |<|startofprev |<|startofprev |<|startofprev | Okay, chalo, let's check Delta Corp and Biocon.

[56:56] Speaker 1: Uh, Biocon, we have already discussed yesterday, so you got good entry for 1S2 1 na, in Biocon. So, let us not discuss Biocon. Let us check Delta Corp. Where is Delta Corp? Okay. Delta Corp on the same day. Hmm. Let me switch to hourly timeframe. Okay, so before that, whatever earlier drawings I have, let me remove that. Okay. Now, I'm keeping only 20 MA on hourly timeframe simply. Now, tell me guys, what to do over here? By visual representation, what is your suggestion? Yes, sideways flat, avoid it. No issues. Ignore. Right? So, nothing, nothing to discuss over here. Okay. Next stock, you can, you can recommend next stock. Havells. Havells, we have already discussed yesterday na. You got good entry and, uh, that's how it is. See, guys. Okay, okay, guys, uh, uh, wait a minute. Uh, from the question of Havells, wh- what I am, what I can add to this discussion is, let's say, let's say, uh, Grasim is in your, is in your watch list. Let's say Grasim is in your watch list. Right?

[58:32] Speaker 1: So, uh, I am adding some more points. So, into this discussion. Let's say, on to the prior day, you have analyzed five stocks based on daily contraction. You have analyzed five stocks based on daily contraction, and out of these five stocks, two stocks are appearing either in pre-market or in intra-day boost or in high-powered stocks Right? So, if these stocks are appearing in these segments na, those are the stocks to prefer. Those are the stocks to prefer. There, you can plan your entry based on ORB, based on leg strategy. In that, in that case, don't wait for the high or low to get break. Right? You can definitely plan your entry using ORB and leg strategy. Right? So, this is how I, I have added some more points which w- which are coming from your question itself. Right? This was not the pre-decided discussion. Okay. Chalo. Uh, PVR on 19th. PVR on 19th. Okay, chalo, let's check earlier day as well. So, someone is suggesting PVR on 19th.

[59:54] Speaker 1: So, now for, uh, to check the backdated data, we have to go on. Let me remove all the earlier points. Now, we've on, uh, th- we are on hourly timeframe. And guys, can you suggest me what to do over here on 19th? See, this was your 19th. This was your 19th. Huh. So, tell me, what to do over here by looking at the chart itself? Read sideways, ignore. That's it. Chalo, next stock you can ask, so that we will check the graph of that. Okay, AB Capital, someone is saying, but, uh, you didn't mention the date for AB Capital. It's okay. AB Capital, no. Is this the daily con... Yeah, okay. Daily contraction, AB Capital on 20th. Chalo, let's check AB CapitalOkay. On hourly timeframe, looks a downtrend, clear downtrend, right? So, uh, it was on 20th, right? So let me mark the low of 20th. This is your first candle of the day, so this is going to be my low of 20th. Right? And you already got the opening below that yesterday's low. So let's c- check what entry we can plan over here. Huh.

[01:01:30] Speaker 1: Now on intraday timeframe, I'm using 10 EMA. Right? You can use 20 as well, no issues. Every people will use different, right? Okay. So in this case now, see, uh, this is your d- first candle for the day. Price is going away from EMA, so I will not enter at this point. I will not enter at this point. Now you are having good cluster over here, so you can say consolidation around EMA, right? Consolidation around EMA. And then, and then, now let us check the strong bounce from EMA so that I can use the leg strategy over here. Now this is the candle I'm having... See, on this candle also, I'm having a strong bounce. Which candle? Just a minute. This candle is also showing a strength. This candle is also showing a strength, there is a volume, and it is a strong bearish candle, right? But now in the live market if you have a feeling that this is still in consolidation, you can wait for your entry. You can wait for your entry and then enter onto the next candle, right?

[01:02:45] Speaker 1: You can plan your entry over here, but in case in the live market if you have some doubt, wait for the entry, right? And then I can plan my entry onto the next candle. So this is going to be my entry. This is going to be my stop-loss, and that's how I can have one is to one. Okay. So this is how you got one is to one. Clear? Doesn't three-minute generate a lot of noise? Uh, Karan, uh, see, uh, in intraday, you will have noise on e- each timeframe, on each timeframe. All right? So h- see, usually, uh, whenever the stock is going, uh, in a range, you will have this kind of noise, and this will get removed only you have a clear trend. So for clear trend, if you want to go with clear trend, choose IB. Okay, now, one point I want to add over here. Again, guys, please stop questions. Listen to me. One... A- a- I'm going to make one important statement over here. I'm going to make one important statement over here.

[01:04:01] Speaker 1: See, for, like, who can use or w- who, who should use this daily contraction setup? Again, if you are comfortable in the stock selection, or say for the stock selection, in live market using, uh, pre-market, using intraday boost, using high power stock, using momentum spike, focus on those sections. Focus on those sections. In that case, you don't need daily contraction setup for intraday. In that case, you don't need daily contraction setup for intraday. Intraday boost, high power stocks is always preferred over daily contraction. Intraday boost, high power stocks is always preferred over daily contraction. In case if you are finding difficulty in the stock selection in the live market, then prefer daily contraction. Then prefer daily contraction. As you can see, most of the stocks that we have analyzed in the daily contraction that are giving us one is to one, one is to two only, right Sometimes stocks from IB can give you more than one is to two as well. (coughs) Right?

[01:05:22] Speaker 1: So that's how if you are finding difficulty in the live market stock selection, then only focus on this daily contraction setup. Right? Okay. Till 9:45, IB and HP stock should be added for trading? Yes, absolutely. Not for trading. Add just in your watch list. If price action is allowing you to go further long/short, accordingly you can choose. For daily contraction, can we pick this stock which is not present in trade code but showing insider candle? Irfan, again, you can trade that insider candle, but t- uh, these daily contraction setups are, you can say, more preferable than every insider candle. S- how to take trade on intraday boost and high power stocks? Paras, we have discussed this in yesterday's session. In AB Capital, can we enter on the first candle itself? AB Capital? Okay, this is not... Uh, again, the price is away from EMA, so I avoided my entry over here. See, b- by, like, while I'm talking to you now, on every point what I think is, I am in the live market.

[01:06:43] Speaker 1: For me, it is very easy to show you entry at this point. For me, it is very easy to show you entry at this point. I can show you very good risk-reward ratio. I can show you you got very good profit. But then that doesn't make sense in the live marketCan we use opening range breakout as a strategy itself? Uh, no, no. V1, we are not using opening range as a strategy itself. We are... That is just the execution way, how you can find the entry. Sir, can we enter if the first candle is below yesterday's low? In case of shorting. Hmm, uh, Abhishek, you can back test this. If you are getting good results, go ahead. No issues. Cluster is seen on offline chart in live market. Okay, guys, uh, very good question from Mayor. Cluster is seen on offline chart. In live market, we should, we shou- we would have taken entry as per rules, because we never know it's going to be a cluster.

[01:07:45] Speaker 1: Mayor, very good question, but if you are asking this for a r- are you, like, are you asking this for the AB Capital itself? No. No. Which, which stock you asking, Mayor? Okay, okay. In general. In general. See again, uh, i- if it is in general now, y- you can, you can have some conditions for your entry now. You can have your condit- uh, conditions for entry. So in this case, in this case, you can mark your entry a- on this candle itself. Right? So let's... W- which candle I am talking about? This red candle, I am talking about. So let's say in the live market, if you want to go long, uh, sorry, if you want to go short, you can m- mark your entry on this candle. But just five minutes back, I got a strong green candle. So at least I will wait for this green candle to break. Right? And let's say if for the next 15, 20 minutes, uh, if the buyers who came into the picture, if they are not t- taking the trend in the upward direction, then I will have confidence.

[01:08:47] Speaker 1: Okay, chalo, I can ta- I can find the short opportunity over here. So that's why I have, I said, I have marked my short entry at this point, likewise. Hmm, in IB we have to use ORB strategy? Yes, if possible you can use ORB as well. Mostly you will get leg strategy in IB stocks. Okay. For hypothetical situation, if the AB Capital is continuously forming red candles, then where to enter? Then don't enter. If, if the entry is not according to the conditions we have discussed, don't enter. In AB Capital there is too many big red and green candles in start only, so it should be avoided. Yes, Aditya, if you feel that, you can avoid that, no issues. See, too many big candles is why you are saying, because I am showing you a chart like this way. Now can you see it is, uh, too many big candles? It is again visual representation. Right? Okay. So, uh, Tarun, uh, s- l- let's see if people are asking for more stocks. Guys, do you, do you want to analyze more stocks for this setup?

[01:10:06] Speaker 1: Or shall we move to the next discussion? Okay, chalo, uh, I am getting mixed responses, yes, no, yes, no. So what I will do is put one, one stock one last time and then we will move to the next part. So one stock with date. PVR we already discussed. Havells we already discussed yesterday. Kotak Bank. Okay, chalo, analyze Kotak Bank. Where is Kotak Bank? Kotak Bank, Kotak Bank, Kotak Bank Uh, sorry, guys, you did not mention the date for Kotak Bank. Uh, chalo, next, I'm waiting for next stock Take M. Take M, Take M, Take M. Where is Take M? Okay, so there is Tw- uh, Take M on 20th. So let's analyze Take M. Guys, I have taken already one stock. Stop ch- stop messaging in the chat for some time. Take M, let's go on hourly timeframe. Yes, of course, Kamal, you will have this data at the end of day only, because this daily contraction is based on daily candle. So, of course, you will have data after the end of day. Right? Okay. The, uh, this was on 20th, right? Take M, Take M on 20th. Huh.

[01:11:38] Speaker 1: See now, uh, on 20th, this was my first. Okay, so this is the cluster on 20th. Right? So if I have to mark the day's low, this can be the low 1644, 1643. So this is going to be my low. Right? Okay, now what I have done, I have marked the low for the day, so I will remove this for time being so that it is easy for us to identify on to intraday timeframe. Chalo, now I am switching to intraday timeframe. Right? Uh, there is... Chalo. So you got very good or say very big ORB over here. O- opening range over here. See, this is th- like, uh, you can... Let me mark. This is going to be your opening range. Right? So there is no question of entry using ORB. Now, uh, if, uh, you will see a consolidation over here, then price going towards EMA. Now if you add 20 EMA onto this intraday, you will see price is taking the resistance on 20 EMA Let me show you that. Right? You can clearly see prices taking 20 E- uh, resistance on 20 EMA as well. Right?

[01:13:04] Speaker 1: So, if, if I have to..Find the opportunity over here. Guys, see clearly there are-- there are lot of shorting opportunity over here, but then as the price is away from EMA, I may not enter. I may not enter. Or if you are using 10 EMA, see, uh, maybe you can enter at this point. Right? So, so, let me further discuss this. Right? So let us discuss if we want to go according to the leg strategy, where exactly I can mark my entry. Right? See, uh, uh, y- you can mark your entry over here, but then as... I will, I will wait for this cluster to get break in the live market. So, there was a consolidation throughout the day. There was a consolidation throughout the day, and then you can plan your entry on this candle, but it was at 1:33. So, let's... That is absolutely fine. I will switch to five-minute timeframe. Right? And onto five-minute timeframe. (coughs) See, you can use leg strategy over here. Now let me, uh, remove all these drawings so that you will not have any confusion. Right?

[01:14:33] Speaker 1: Huh. Now, to use leg strategy, I can mark my entry on this candle. On this candle. And then, I will keep some safe stop-loss. So you can have this as your stop-loss. I'm keeping a safe stop-loss of h- high of this candle. Right? And then you can check the risk-reward ratio. So, you got around one is to four, or more than one is to four. That is absolutely fine. So this was your Take M. It is sideways in one-hour timeframe, Take M. One... Uh, okay. Let- let me check hourly timeframe. No, it is not sideways, nah? You can, you can see downtrend over here. See, the insider candle that you are going to check is- is always going to be sideways candle, is always going to be sideways on hourly timeframe. That is why it is insider candle. Okay. So I hope, uh, many of your doubts got cleared. Alert, so we can focus... Just a minute, ah. For this type of stocks, can we use alert so we can focus? Yes, absolutely, Chetan.

[01:15:56] Speaker 1: If you are using Zerodha, you can use GTT order so that, uh, you will have that alert. Uh, we can enter early only when it is rejected 20 EMA. Guys, entry is again dependent on you in the live market, how you are managing your emotions. Sometimes... See, as a human being, sometimes we also missed, uh, we also missed some of the rules that we have developed for the entry opportunities, right? Sometimes we forget that price is away from EMA and we make our entry. Sometimes we forget that, uh, it is not breaking the consolidation, we- we make our entry. These things can happen in live markets, so don't worry about it. What max can happen, it will take your stop-loss. Be ready for that worst outcome, and, uh, you will not have any fear. Okay. Very good. Very good. Vinay is saying, Vinay is saying, one-hour timeframe is above... Uh, sorry. Okay. In this, in this stock, in, for Take- Take M, Vinay is saying hourly timeframe is above EMA, above 20 EMA. Sorry, what... Huh.

[01:17:12] Speaker 1: Now, Vinay, I hope this is clear because that was the 10 EMA, I- I was using. That 10 EMA I was using for intraday, nah? So this is 20 EMA now. And as I said, even if one or two candle closes above, closes above, and then if you see further downtrend, definitely consider that. Okay. Okay. Again, again, there is good question from Aryan, that I am contradicting my statements. I am contradicting my statements. The low of cluster is still below your entry. Uh, Aryan, can you please put, uh, for which stock you are talking about? Take M. Okay. Take M. The low of cluster... Uh, okay, let me check on three-minute timeframe. Huh. So, I- I'm not getting, uh, where exactly you are saying the low of cluster. Huh. So... Right? So, there is no question of, uh, the low of cluster, right? I- I waited for that low of cluster to get break, and then only I marked my entry.

[01:18:39] Speaker 1: And guys, if you feel, if you feel I am contradicting my own statements, nah, just make sure I'm giving you the logic in the live market. And you cannot have, you cannot have same logic every time. That is why these logics will keep on changing. Right? Just make sure that you are... you at least you can identify the strength in the candles.Okay. There is again good question. If the candle on the third day is also insider candle, can we enter on fourth day? Definitely yes. More the number of insider candle, you can consider a blast over there. Uh, Harshit, we have already discussed momentum spike yes- in yesterday's session. (clears throat) Adith, 11:00 A.M. you are saying? Uh, huh, so, m- that is absolutely fine, no? See, y- you got retracement and then we are entering according to the leg strategy. What I said yesterday, what I said yesterday... See, even if you go for the trend logic, see, this is your higher high, this is your higher high. So, what I said...

[01:19:54] Speaker 1: See, this is your first leg, and if you are getting entry for the leg strategy at this point, you cannot wait for this high to get break. You cannot wait for this high to get break. If you're getting entry over here, enter now. See, the objective of entering on the leg strategy is, we have the best stop loss to enter. We have the best stop loss to enter. We cannot predict whether you will have further movement or not. What max we can do if we have a good stop loss, keep that stop loss in the system and enter. That's it. So every leg strategy, for all the leg strategy, you don't have to wait till this high get broke or, say, till this, uh, particular point is taken out. If you're going to wait for every time, intrady- m- may not give you good risk to moderation. Okay. If we have analyzed stock on basis of daily contraction and it did not come in IB, so should we trade that stock? Absolutely, Aniruddha. If, if you are getting entry according to the entry conditions, enter. No issues.

[01:21:11] Speaker 1: Third candle should be within second candle range and fourth candle (...) . Since we are checking insider candle in daily and analysis on one hour, can we also consider this for swing? Adith, yes, absolutely, you can consider these candles for swing as well. Okay. (...) . Okay. Alpesh is saying, "Escort last six days consolidating in small range. We can see entry there based on insider candle." But as, as the, uh, Escort is not there, uh, in your daily contraction, you can have your analysis for Escort as well, and you can plan your entry, but not for day, uh, but not for intraday. Unless and until that stock is there in the IB or HB, don't plan your random entry over here. So, just a, in general discussion on Escort. Yes? It is a consolidating. It is consolidating in very tight range, but you don't know whether it is a distribution or whether it is a re-accumulation. Right? So, what I will do is, I will... This is in general discussion and not for the today's topic.

[01:22:23] Speaker 1: I will wait for the cluster to break. If, uh, if I'm getting entry, short entry below this cluster, I will go short. If I'm getting the entry above this for long opportunity, I can definitely find long opportunities above this. Good, good observational, Pish. Okay. (...) Chalo. So, that's it. That's it for daily contraction setup. Now can we switch to the risk management part? Okay. Chalo. So now, uh, before, before we go ahead, I will discuss how to trail the stop-loss, how to trail the stop-loss, or you can say, uh, how you can maximize the profit and everything. So for that, what we will do is, now you guys will tell me some, like, we will consider some of the example that we have discussed yesterday, which was giving us a very high risk/reward ratio. So there, we will understand how to trade... Sorry, uh, how to trail and everything So, can you, can you put a stock name in the chat where it was giving us very high risk/reward ratio? Uh, Bajaj Auto. Let me check Bajaj Auto.

[01:23:56] Speaker 1: Yes, trailing stop-loss and everything I'm going to discuss in this session itself. Just a minute, right? Okay. Okay. So... This was the pin- point we marked our entry in the... Let's say we marked our entry over here by keeping this as a stop-loss. By keeping this as a stop-loss, right? Now... Okay, I will consider Sri Cement as well. Now, over here, what I'm going to discuss, see... Okay, I will consider two examples only, Bajaj Auto and Sri Cement. Over here, now understand how to trail your stop-loss, how to maximize your risk/reward ratio, how to maximize your profit. How, how to maximize your profit, right? So these three points I'm going to discuss over here, right? So, now, firstly, I will select one is to earn risk/reward ratioWhat is one is to one risk reward ratio? If I am taking a risk of one point, and if I am getting a reward of one point against that one-point risk, that is nothing but my one-is-to-one risk-reward ratio. So over here, as you can see...

[01:25:28] Speaker 1: Let me enlarge this. As you can see, I'm taking a stop-loss risk of 14.35 points. I'm taking a stop-loss risk of 14.35 points. So this is my risk. This is my risk. So if I'm getting a 14.35 target in the upside, that is going to be my reward. So my risk equal to reward. So that is nothing but risk-reward ratio. That is nothing but risk-reward ratio. Now, how to trail in this case? How to trail in this case? So again, for trailing, there are two ways to trail. There are two ways to trail. So let me write some points over here, right? So, what you will do now, let's say you are a beginner. You are using these strategies for the very first time. You are trading using trade code for the very first time. You don't know how exactly these strategies are working in the live market, right? So what you will do, beginner will start with 100% one-is-to-one profit booking. Meaning what? Beginners will book 100% profit at one is to one. Right?

[01:26:46] Speaker 1: Now, let's say you got very good one-is-to-one risk-reward ratio in number of stocks. Let's say you got one-is-to-one risk-reward ratio in number of stocks. Now you want to maximize your profit. Now you want to maximize your profit. So what you will do next, you will book 70% quantity, you will book 70% quantity at one is to one, at one is to one, and remaining 30%, remaining 30% I'm going to trail. Right? Remaining 30% I'm going to trail. Again, I'm repeating. Again, I'm repeating. What you will do, you will book 70% quantity. Now f- e- when you will do this, once you will have your own conviction on the setup, once you are getting very good frequency, very good results with the strategy execution, then only you will switch to this. Right? So that is what I am saying, have your own conviction. Right? Now, after you got one is to one in consecutive trades, now you want to maximize your profits.

[01:28:08] Speaker 1: So in that case, what you will do, you will book 70% at one is to one and remaining 30% quantities you are going to trail. Meaning what? Let's say you, you want to go long and you bought hundred quantities. So seventy quantities you will book at one is to one risk-reward ration, and remaining 30% you are going to trail. So how you are going to trail in this case? So remaining 30%, for remaining 30% quantity, I will bring my S-L at cost. I will bring my S-L at cost, and then the minimum target I can expect for remaining 30% is one is to two. For remaining 30% quantities, my target is one is to two. My target is one is to two. So in this case, what can happen, either it will take your stop-loss, which is at cost So in that case, you got profit on 70% quantity, or this 30% quantity can give you one is to two risk-reward ratio. These are the two possible outcomes. Right? And you are absolutely okay with any one, because you already got profit on 70% of your quantity. Right?

[01:29:31] Speaker 1: So, now next, next situation, you are getting good results with this. You are even getting good one is to two risk-reward ratio. Right? You are like most of the stocks are giving one is to two as well. So now that will build your confidence in your strategy. You will have more conviction on your strategy. So further, you want to trail. So what you will do now, you will book 70%, 70... See, this is, this is again a flexible. You can use 60, 70. You can use 50, 50, whatever, maybe whatever you want, you can use that number. So next now, you want to further, you want to trail this further. So next what I will do, I will book 70% quantity at one is to two. I will book 70% quantity at one is to two, and remaining 30% I'm going to trail. Remaining 30% I'm going to trail. In this case, I will bring my S-L either at cost or at one is to one. In this case, I will bring my S-L at w- either at cost or at one is to one and minimum target I can expect for remaining 30% quantity is one is to three.

[01:30:54] Speaker 1: So that's how you are going to maximize your profit. You are going to maximize your profit. Right? So I hope this is very much clear now. Do I need to show this on the chart? OkayOkay. Theek hai. Okay. Why trail remaining thirty percent at one is to one, one is to two? Add it just to maximize your profit. That's what it is. Right? Okay. Chalo. So clear. Every- everything is clear over here. Now. So over here, what we have discussed, we have discussed trailing stop-loss using risk-reward ratio. Trailing stop-loss using risk-reward ratio. This is what we have discussed over here. Now there is another way to trail your stop-loss. There is another way to trail your stop-loss. So let us discuss that as well. Right? Now, how to trail your stop-loss over here. Right? So let me mark my entry only so that... See, this was my entry. Consider this is my entry now. Right? So in this case, now my stop-loss is this. Right?

[01:32:14] Speaker 1: Now, once you will have a very good uptrend, I will trail my stop-loss on the low of this red candle. On the low of this red candle. Right? Next, after having very good uptrend over here, I will trail my stop-loss on the low of this red candle. Right? Now, after having very good uptrend, I will trail my stop-loss on the low of this red candle. And further, now see over here, I see a consolidation kind of thing. So in this consolidation, unless and until I'm having my price in this uptrend, in this uptrend, I will not trail my stop-loss in this consolidation, because I am not going to use every red candle for trailing stop-loss. So what I'm going to do is, I will prefer a red candle which is not in the cluster. So unless and until my price goes in this territory, in this territory, I will not trail my stop-loss below this cluster. So once my price is into this range, I will trail my stop-loss over here. I will trail my stop-loss over here.

[01:33:27] Speaker 1: So this is how you can keep on trailing your stop-loss, right? Next, let's say you reached at this point, you reached at this point. So my trailing stop-loss is this. My trailing stop-loss is this. Now you are getting a very good cluster over here. Now what this very good cluster indicating? This was also, uh, in the second half of the day. So this can be a distribution phase. So either you should book a hundred percent profit here or keep the trailing stop-loss, so that trailing stop-loss will get hit in the second half. That trailing stop-loss will get hit in the second half. Right? So this is how you can trail. So you can use trend logic to trail your stop-loss. Again, how to trail over here? You can use, uh, seventy-thirty ratio. If you want, you can use sixty-forty ratio. If you want, you can use, uh, fifty-fifty ratio. That is up to you. Normal accumulation distribution, uh, we will discuss this, uh, in Tuesday's session.

[01:34:37] Speaker 1: Okay, guys, please, now, uh, drop a message, uh, whether you need more charts to discuss this, how to trail stop-loss. Chalo, I will discuss that Sri Cement as well. Uh. One, one last example, Sri Cement and then... "Sir, shall we exit the trade based on pivot points?" Ramesh, I am not using pivot points. If you are using pivot points on your chart, if you are getting good results, follow that. No issues "Why not to book profit when price moves too far away from EMA as it retraces?" Uh, A-Aditya, you don't know whether it is going to consolidate or whether it is going to retrace. There are two different things. Let's say this is- this is where your price is going up and it is going away from EMA. Sometimes it will consolidate. Sometimes it will consolidate, so that EMA and price will come close to each other, and sometimes it will go down and then it will move along the EMA. So you exactly don't know whether it is going to consolidate or whether it is going to retrace, right?

[01:35:52] Speaker 1: So that's why, uh, it is not advisable to book profit only when the price goes away from EMA. If you want, you can follow that. No issues. Okay, okay. Just a minute. Uh, okay. Uh, Ganesh is saying he want to take screenshot. Uh, I don't know which stock I was discussing earlier, which stock I was discussing earlier, so that I can go back to that chart. Okay, Bajaj Auto. Okay. Huh, so in case, if you want to take screenshot, you can take. Okay. Fine. Chalo. Now next, let's, let's move to Sri Cement. Okay. Uh. So how to trail in this case? Now I am not going to discuss that risk-reward ratio part, right? That is very easy to understand. So let us discuss how we can trail using trend logic. Hey, heyOkay. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Okay. So, let us discuss how to trail over here. Okay. So, this was our entry. So, I will simply mark my entry over here at this point, and then I can discuss this stop-loss thing. R-right? So, uh, in the first place, this was my s-stop-loss.

[01:37:55] Speaker 1: In the first place, this was my stop-loss, right? Now, whenever I will have a further downtrend, I'm going to bring my stop-loss at this high, red-green candle high is my further trailing stop-loss, right? Then, then once I will have this red candle getting formed, I can trail my stop-loss to this green candle high, right? Now, I will not bring my stop-loss onto this green candle high as... till I'm getting a good downtrend, till I'm getting a good downtrend. So, once my price is into this downtrend, then only I will trail my stop-loss at this point. (coughs) Once my price is into this downtrend, I will trail my stop-loss at this point, right? Similarly, once... similarly... Sorry. Similarly, whenever my price will go into this downtrend, I will trail my stop-loss at this height, right? And then you can see your trailing stop-loss got hit at this point, right? So, this is how you can trail your stop-loss, right?

[01:39:12] Speaker 1: So again, I'm repeating, I am not using every opposite color candle to trail the stop-loss. Basically, what I want, I want a clear candle outside the cluster to trail my stop-loss. Unless and until my price is going to close or say, u-unless and until my price is going to break that consolidation, I will not trail the stop-loss in that consolidation itself. So let's say, let's say... I will give you one logic over here, or say, let us discuss this with example itself. Let's say, now you got this green candle, you got this green candle here, and now you want to trail your stop-loss at this height, at this height, right? Your stop-loss got hit at this candle itself, right? So that's why, avoid trailing your stop-loss in the cluster when the price is still into that cluster itself. "Sir, how can we find high risk-reward trades like Bajaj Auto, Shree Cement?" Ah, Chandra, b-bwe, we don't know whether it is going to give you higher risk-reward ratio or not.

[01:40:23] Speaker 1: We just entered into that trade and kept trailing. That's it. Right? So just to find... See, only by trailing your stop-loss, you can find this high risk-reward ratio trades. Okay. I hope I'm clear till this in... If not, chalo, chalo. Now we will discuss further parts into this risk management, which is position sizing. Right, now I'm switching to the Excel sheet. Can you see the Excel sheet? Please drop your message. Okay, okay. Now, over here. This is very, very important part of the risk management. Now, what exactly... Someone was asking, "What is position sizing?" What is position sizing? Position sizing is nothing but to decide the position of a trade. Meaning what? How much quantity you should buy or how much quantity you should sell. That you can decide by, by knowing your risk.

[01:41:32] Speaker 1: That you can decide by knowing your risk Now, if you decide your position size, if you decide your position size, according to the risk that you can manage, you will not have any fear, even if the price is hitting your stop-loss. Again, wh- why maintaining the position size is important. Why maintaining the position size is important. You will not have any fear. You will not have any fear if the price is going to hit the stop-loss. That is why maintaining the position size is very, very important. Right? Now, let us discuss how to calculate this position sizing, right? So, calculation of this position sizing are very, very easy, right? So let's say your capital is one lakh. Let's say your capital is one lakh. And on that capital, how much risk you can take? So, let's say your risk should not go beyond 3% per day, right? Irrespective of capital. Whether you are having capital of one lakh, ten lakh, fifty lakh, one crore, doesn't matter.

[01:42:46] Speaker 1: Your, uh, risk per day should not go beyond 3% per day. Or rather, I will say, if your capital is too big, you should risk this percentage risk per trade... per day. Right? So for time being, let's say our capital is one lakh and the risk that we can take is 3% per day. Right? So of course, on a one lakh capital, if you're going to take the risk of 3% per day, it is going to be three thousand risk per day. Right? Now, depending on how many trades you can handle at a time, you need to decide whether you can handle two trades at a time, whether you can handle three tr- three trades at a timeSo let's say y- you, you can handle two trades at a time. You can handle two trades at a time. Meaning what? You can take two trades. So you have to divide this 3% risk in those two trades, right? So in that case, you are going to take 1%, sorry, 1.5% risk per trade. You are going to take 1.5% risk per trade. Again, I am reta- repeating 3% risk per day.

[01:44:00] Speaker 1: If you are going to divide your entire capital in two trades, your risk per trade is 1.5%. Your risk per trade is 1.5%. Right? In case you are going to take three trades, in that case, your risk will be 1% per trade. And that is why, that is why... Now, how you are going to decide or how you are going to divide this? So in the chart that I have shown you over here, you will have your stop-loss with you. So let us consider Bajaj Auto. So there, let us assume your stop-loss was 14 points. Your stop-loss was 14 points. So simply what I have to do, now, my risk per trade is 1.5%, meaning fifteen hundred. Meaning fifteen hundred is my risk per trade, right? If my capital is one lakh, fifteen hundred rupees is my risk per trade. Meaning what? I am ready to take the risk of fifteen hundred rupees. I am ready to lose fifteen hundred rupees in case my stop-loss gets hit, right?

[01:45:05] Speaker 1: Now, if I am ready for fifteen hundred loss, how I can have the quantities which can give maximum loss up to fifteen hundred? So that calculation is nothing but calculation of position size. So very easy. If your risk per trade is fifteen hundred and your stop-loss is fourteen points. In case of Bajaj Auto, our stop-loss was around fourteen point three five, so let's keep it fourteen point five. So simply divide risk in amount by the stop-loss amount. Simply divide risk in amount by the stop-loss amount. You will get your position size. You will get your position size. So fifteen hundred divided by fourteen point five, one zero three is the correct position size you can have. So what you can do is buy or sell this much quantity only. So even if your stop-loss gets hit, you will not have loss more than fifteen hundred. And believe me, if you follow this risk management, you can take your stop-loss with a smile on your face. Fourteen point is your stop-loss.

[01:46:15] Speaker 1: Let me go to the chart of Bajaj Auto. See over here... Okay, this is Shree Cement, huh? Let's go to the Bajaj Auto chart. Okay. See, now let me clear everything over here. Okay. So let's say you mark your long position on this candle itself. Right? Sure, consider different scenarios. So let's say I marked my position over here, right? I marked my position over here. My stop-loss is this. So you can see in this case, my stop-loss is forty point eight. Forty point eight. So these are the points for which you are taking the stop-loss. Now, this stop-loss is well within my 1.5% range What maximum stop-loss I can take? 1.5%. So this 1.5% is within my range, right? So for that stop-loss, right, how much quantity I should have? Make sure this is within 1.5% range, and now I have stop-loss point. So in this case, my stop-loss points are forty point eight zero.

[01:47:24] Speaker 1: So what I can do, I can simply divide fifteen hundred, I can simply divide fifteen hundred by forty-one, and whatever quantity I will get, that is going to be my ideal position size. Let's say now you are making your entry at some different points, right? At some different points. Let's say you are making your entry at this point, right, and your stop-loss is this, right? So your stop-loss is seventeen points. So fifteen hundred divided by seventeen point is your ideal position size. Let's say you want to play safe and you want to keep your stop-loss here, which is twenty-seven points. So fifteen hundred divided by seventy- twenty-seven will give you ideal position size. When to decide to increase the quantity? Make sure it is not going, uh, beyond your risk capacity. Okay, uh, Shivam- Sriram is saying, "In intraday, we get 5X leverage. So 1.5% stop-loss is also 7.5% stop-loss.

[01:48:28] Speaker 1: Should we take a lower stop-loss?" Okay, Sriram, leverage doesn't matter in the calculation of risk management. Leverage doesn't matter in the calculation of risk management. Whatever quantities risk management calculations are giving you, take only that much quantity. You need some leverage to buy or sell that much quantity, but don't go beyond that position size. Don't go beyond that position size. Shweta, yes, I, I already answered you. I, I answered my, uh, your question in the last session itself, no? Even it, if, even if it is exceeding your capital, no, that is absolutely fine, take some leverage What is important over here is, you are managing your risk, right? You are managing your risk. Your risk is within the limit, so take some leverage. No issues. Yes, Burzin, if capital is getting exceeded, take some leverage. No issues. "But in MII, MIS, it takes only 15K to trade this." That is absolutely fine, MohammedOkay, chalo. So, okay.

[01:49:47] Speaker 1: Um, people want to see the Excel file again, so let me take you to the Excel file. Okay. So, again, very simple, how to calculate this position size. Risk in amount divided by stop-loss. That's it. You don't need any Excel sheet for this calculation. You don't need any Excel sheet for this calculation. Right? Simply calculator, one simple calculator, risk-in amount divided by stop-loss points will give you position size. Right? Now, now once you have understood how to calculate position size, if you are going to trade with this ideal position size, you are ready to take the stop-loss with a smile. You will not have any fear. And now what can happen, if you exceed this position size, let's say your ideal position size for your risk is 100, right? But by taking the full leverage, if you are going to buy, say, 400 quantities, if you are going to buy 400 quantities, and in case if you see a small, small retracement reversal on the chart, right?

[01:51:05] Speaker 1: Even if your stop-loss is not getting hit, before your stop-loss only, you will see a big loss of say, 5,000, 6,000, like that. Right? If for 1500 quantity, let's say, for fif- sorry, let's say for 100 quantity, y- your maximum stop-loss is 1500. Your stop-loss is 1500. And if you are going to buy the excess quantity, your loss will go till 6,000. And in the live market, whenever you are going to see big loss, like 3,000, 4,000, 5,000, you will cut down your trade before hitting the stop-loss, and many times it will happen that without hitting the stop-loss, the trade reversed, and it went in your direction, giving you a profit. So that time, you may have a regret, "Oh, I should not have exited before my stop-loss hit." Right? So to avoid that, to avoid that, maintain the risk-reward ratio, maintain the good position sizing. Right? Okay. So this was the position-sizing calculation. Next part, maintaining the trading journal. Next part is maintaining the trading journal.

[01:52:23] Speaker 1: Now this is the column you should have in your trading journal. If you want, you can take this screenshot and then I will explain all the points over here. (clicks tongue) Okay. How to protect profits from multiple trades? Um, you can, you can trade... uh, you can trail your stop-loss at cost. Uh, right? If you want to protect profit, keep tight stop-loss

[01:53:10] Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.

[01:53:10] Speaker 1: Uh, don't over-trade. Uh, after two, max three trades, uh, you can, uh, like, you should close your screen. Everything you can do. Right? Okay. Next. Varad, no, no, I'm not going to share any notes for today's session. You can take some notes in the live session itself. No issues. Okay. Now, this is your trading journal. Understand the importance of trading journal. Trading journal is very, very important in the initial phase, or trading journal is very, very important whenever you are going to work on some new strategy. So let's consider you are new to the use of trade code. You are new to the use of ORB. You are new to the use of leg strategy. So to check what results you are getting with this strategy, to check what profits you are getting with this strategy, right, you need to maintain this trading journal. And not for this. Whenever... In future, whenever you are going to opt for new strategy, maintain the trading journal.

[01:54:17] Speaker 1: For now, I don't need to maintain a trading journal, but of course, currently I am maintaining a trading journal because I am back testing some of... some new strategies. So for that I am maintaining a trading journal. So, as I said in the initial phase, you should maintain a trading journal. Right? Now, this is your... this can be the format of trading journal. So what are the things that you need to m- maintain over here? Date on which you are trading. Symbol. Symbol means i- in which stock you are trading. So this can be, say, Bajaj Auto. Right? Or it can be, say, DLF. Now, why to maintain these stocks? Because you are going to analyze this trading journal, say, at the end of week or, say, at the end of month. So whenever you are going to analyze this trading journal, you can analyze which stocks are giving you good profits, which stocks are taking your stop-loss. Right? So sometimes, by having this column with you, you can decide, "Which stock I'm comfortable with.

[01:55:30] Speaker 1: Which stock I'm comfortable with." And then after that you can decide to trade in that stock only. Right? So this is how you can maintain in which stock you are trading. Then maintain entry price and entry timingRight? So entry price, you can maintain. Entry timing, also you can maintain. Now, why to maintain entry time? Again, whenever you are going to analyze your trading journal at the end of week or at the end of month, you are going to find out, "At what time I can find the good opportunities? At what time I can find the good opportunities?" Meaning, "I need to be in front of the screen for that time duration." So by this, maintaining this time, you will get to know, "On which time I can find good opportunities, on which time I can focus on IB, on which time I can focus on pre-market, everything." So with this, you are going to, uh, fix your comfortability with a particular section in trade code. Uh, you can identify, uh, the timing in which I'm getting good entries.

[01:56:38] Speaker 1: Everything you can find out. So, that's how you need to maintain the entry timing over here. Maintain exit price, exit time. Very importantly, maintain quantity, right? And maintain profit and loss that you are getting, right? Maintain risk-reward ratio that you are getting. So in this column, you can write, uh, booked 100% at one is to one. Then let's say you are going to increase your limit, so let's say book 70% at one is to one, and remaining 30% at one is to two. So whatever risk-reward ratio you are taking, write do- write down everything over here. And then remark. Now, remark is going to be a detailed discussion, so don't write this in the live market. Maybe after the end of session, you can write this remark. Right? So what you need to write in the remark, what you need to write in the remark, you can write whether you are following the risk management or not. Right? Whether this quantity is according to the position sizing or not.

[01:57:42] Speaker 1: Whether you are keeping the logical stop-loss or not. If your stop-loss got hit, what mistake you did over there. If you got good profit, how you trailed that stop-loss. And very importantly, with what logic you made entry over there. Whether the entry was based on ORB. Whether the entry was based on leg strategy. Whether the entry was based on daily contraction setup. Whether it was a swing trade. Everything you can write over there. Now, what you can do by analyzing this column, say towards the end of month, you are analyzing this column, then you will get to know, "Which strategy is giving me a good profit? Whether ORB is giving me good profit, whether leg strategy is giving me good profit, whether daily contraction is giving me good profit." And accordingly, accordingly, decide which setup you want to trade for rest of your life. So, this is how this remark column will help you. And ROC is nothing but return on capital. So, let's say my capital is one lakh, and I got 2,000 profit.

[01:58:52] Speaker 1: And I got 2,000 profit. So, your ROC return on capital is 2%. That's how it is. That's how it is. Right? So this was your trading journal. This was your trading journal. Okay. ROC, ROC is nothing but return on capital. ROC is nothing but return on capital. If you are getting a profit of 2,000, if you are getting a profit of 2,000 on a one-lakh capital. Your ROC is 2%. Return on capital is 2%. That's how it is Okay, guys. That's it for today's session. Now, before I move to the question and answer, I want feedback from everyone. Feedback for this session. Whether you enjoyed the session? Have you learned something new out of this? Have you learned some new out of this? (clears throat) I will, I will take feedback and then we will move to the question and answer session. (clears throat) Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Thank you. (clears throat) Okay. Psychology and different approach is good. Yes.

[02:01:26] Speaker 1: Because, see, I, I, I want to give you, uh, how exactly I h- I will have my own psychology in the live market. Uh, Yessi, no problem, you can repeat the daily contraction on next Sunday. Uh, n- n- no, no, you, you cannot use this risk management in the FNO segmentOkay. Just, just a minute, guys. Just a minute. Okay. Y- you cannot use this risk management in the F&O segment because in F&O segment, you don't have flexibility to choose the quantity, right? In the F&O segment, you need to go with the fixed lot size. So, this may not be a good way, uh, to have a risk management. So, what you can do is, in the risk m- uh, i- in managing the risk in the F&O segment, uh, hedge your position. Hedge your position. Know the maximum loss that you are going to have. Right? So, I guess in tomorrow's session, Chinmay sir is going to take the risk management in F&O segment. So, for better clarity, you can attend that. Yes, swing trading session on coming Tuesday. All right. Chetan, thank you.

[02:03:04] Speaker 1: Uh, sorry, Nazrin Shaik, I- I can't read your name. Uh, Chinmay sir is taking session on Monday itself. Uh, Ramesh, uh, hourly entry will be too late for intraday. Okay. Okay. Uh, Shivam, uh, maybe you can repeat, or Rushisar will also conduct the session in the next week. Okay. Shall we look hourly timeframe for trend confirmation for pre-market stocks? No need. No need. Mohit is asking, "What's the point of making yesterday's high low when we are taking trade based on ORV?" We are marking yesterday's high and low because if you want to plan your entry according to the daily contraction setup. See, if you want to plan your entry based on ORV purely, then that sho- that stock should be in, uh, either pre-market or in IBHP. Atul, we are working on recorded lectures, so maybe you- you will not need any PPT, uh, P- PDF. We will, we will have, uh, recorded lectures along with PPT as well. What are the short-term investment strategies? We will discuss that in the swing session.

[02:05:08] Speaker 1: You post trade map on daily basis at trade code so we can get quick idea about trade rather than waiting session to describe. Uh, yes, yes, yes, we are doing that. Now, w- we are posting the entries, uh, in the trade code if we do not have session on that day. How to identify fake and real breakout? We will discuss this in Tuesday's session. Okay, guys, chalo. So, uh, we will start, we will start Q&A in two, three minutes, so, uh, if you want to give feedback, uh, uh, drop just feedback so that w- we can move to... Retracement and consolidation. Retracement is, uh... Okay, let- let me show you, show you it on the chart. Okay. Chalo. See if you can see this on the... Okay. Acha, can you, can you, can you see the shared screen? Just a minute, guys. G- give me a minute. Mm. We should use inserted candle high low, yesterday's high low. Okay. Guys, just a minute, uh. O- a minute break for me. Just a minute. Okay, Rajnish is asking, "Sir, I can start practicing.

[02:07:38] Speaker 1: I completed two modules." Rajnish, yes, of course, you can start, but make sure you will start only with 10% capital as, as I have told you in the intro session. Don't start with full capital. Have your own conviction on the setups, on the strategy, and then slowly grow your capital. How many stocks should you take in watch list from IB?Top five, top ten. Uh, whatever number of stocks you can handle, wha-whatever number of stocks you can watch at a time. Top five is absolutely fine. Uh, Na- Naresh Kumar, w- what is the sa-status of sale? I have been asking from two days. Uh, sale, meaning what? You- you want some inputs about the, about your existing trade or what? I'm not getting your question. See guys, if- if your questions are not answered in the live session, always free to raise your query on the support portal. What are the scenarios to ignore a trade in daily contraction setup? Okay. Lea- uh, if you are not getting entry according to the entry setup, ignore.

[02:08:56] Speaker 1: If you are not getting the prior trend, ignore. Let's say prior trend is downtrend, but hourly candle closing is above the EMA, ignore. So this can be the scenario wherein you can ignore. Uh, "Importance of psychology and mindset?" See, live market is all about psychology and mindset. Just by having the right strategy, uh, will not help you maintain, mana-managing the psychology in the live market is very, very important. (clears throat) Acha, guys, please don't- don't repeat your question. Uh, don't copy-paste your questions. I'm going to take num- uh, maximum number of questions, so don't copy-paste, huh? Because that will just increase the number of questions on my side. "Which high and low is used?" Uh, f-for daily contraction setup, which high and low is used? For daily contraction, we are using day high and day low.

[02:10:03] Speaker 1: "Can we use this strategy on index trading, like NIFTY and Bank NIFTY?" Uh, insider candle, yes, definitely you can use, but see, uh, the strategies that we are discussing on the stocks now, uh, d- because stocks are trading, trending, stocks are trending, index is remained to sound base. Uh, s- uh, index is usually a sideways scenario. So i- if you want to use this strategy over a index, make sure you are using for that scalping and not for, uh, bigger timeframe, or say not for lengthier duration. Bajaj Auto. Bajaj Auto was from... I guess it was a result bet and it was there in IB as well. Uh, "Since stocks coming in intraday have good volume involved for the day, can we consider those stocks a-are highly liquid for options as well for the day?" No, no, no. Abhi, not all these stocks... Like see, the stocks that you will see on the trade code are majorly from F&O. Again, in the F&O, not all stocks are liquid i-in the options or future segment.

[02:11:24] Speaker 1: So, don't- don't go, don't assume that blindly. "For stocks appearing on Intraday Boost, should we consider the prior trends, sir, for confirmation to go for short or long?" Uh, if you can do that, uh, that is well and good. Uh, but see, I- I usually don't see, uh, the prior trend for IB. "Can we take entry on second leg rally if the price retraces or pulls back without waiting for the price to consolidate or touching 20 EMA?" Uh, a- absolutely okay. Absolutely okay. Second leg really, if the price retraces or pulls back w- without waiting for the price to consolidate. Even if there is no consolidation and you are getting a strong bounce, you can go ahead. No issues. If the price is not touching 20 EMA, maybe, uh, it will bounce from 10 EMA. Guys, please do not copy-paste your questions. No, no, Aryan, tomorrow is not the first session of option class. Uh, it is, it- it- it will be a last session, I guess. Risk management, uh, we'll discuss, will be discussed over there.

[02:12:49] Speaker 1: Uh, you can use 10 or 20 EMA accordingly. Like, if the stock is respecting 10 EMA, use that. If the stock is respecting 20 EMA, use that. V1, uh, a leg strategy is the best for IB or HP stocks. If you have some other strategy, back test it, no problem, and use that. "If I follow all the rules explained, what can be the hit ratio of stop loss and gain?" Uh, 70%. 70% to 80% success probability, uh, you can definitely expect. Rajnish, yes, definitely you can use mobile hotspot as well, no issues. But, uh, if you want to see multiple charts on TradingView, you need better connectivity. "When will you take psychology and mindset part?" Mayur, I am already discussing psychology and mindset, uh, in between. The- the- i- it is not a separate session, it is not a separate topic. How exactly you are going to react to the price in the live market is nothing but psychology mindset, right?

[02:14:01] Speaker 1: "I keep placing a large number of orders for index options, options hedging." Acha, I- I will not take questions related to F&O for now.For stocks appearing on Intraday Boost, should we consider the pri- Achaa, I already answered this. Guys, please do not copy-paste your question. What should we short list stocks in IB based on R factor or percentage change or long? Okay, Hitesh, always, always filter out the stocks based on R factor. When we... Achaa, I have already answered this question. I'm getting repeated questions. Do I need to stay or exit? Please explain. Uh, Nar- Anara, uh, sorry. Naresh Kumar, if you need any inputs on the existing trade, please ping on the support portal. Uh, you can create a ticket on the support portal. I cannot recommend a stock or I cannot give, uh, the logic whether you should stay or exit in a live session wherein other 300, 400 people are attending. Uh... Yes, thank you, E- Eshwara. Uh... From the desk, how much profit we should get from the desk?

[02:15:33] Speaker 1: Mohit Kumar, see, 1% a day, absolutely fine. Absolutely fine. How to decide price direction for a stock by using strategy, right? It should not be like wait till 10:30 a.m., we can take trade from 9:32 as per price action. Yes, yes, yes. Uh, Aaditya, I am not getting how to decide price direction. Uh, you can decide price direction using moving average itself. If moving average is flat, you can say there is a consolidation. For intra in second week, we can enter right after a Marubozu on EMF? Yes, absolutely. You can enter over there. Sandeep, maybe Rishi sir will take the session on next weekend. No stock-specific view from my side. What will be your strategy, uh, at Reliance on Monday because of result in boom? Uh, y- use... Like, see, if, if there is a r- r- good activity in the Reliance, you will see that stock in the trade code, right? Use either overview or leg strategy, that's it.

[02:16:42] Speaker 1: See, earlier we used to have a different strategy for result session, but now, uh, those result session stocks, if, if they are having activity, those stocks will, by default, appear in the trade code. Just make sure that, uh, don't expect big movement or say big risk-reward ratio on these days, because, uh, before the result, there will be a lot of volatility. And if one particular stock is giving a very good result, you may have a already gap up opening over there. So accordingly, you need to go ahead. When to exit? Tanvi, we, we already discussed when to exit. The exit should be according to the risk-reward ratio or should be according to the trailing stop loss. If trailing stop loss gets hits, take exit. No worries. Norman, you can repeat the leg strategy on next Saturday. In continuation to that, please let us know how to identify liquid stocks for options. Anywhere we can find this? No, no, no. We, we...

[02:17:49] Speaker 1: You can find whether a stock is liquid or not by observing the market depth. If there are good number of buyers and sellers w- with not much price difference, you can say that particular stock option is liquid. (sniffs) Sir, can I... Achaa, I have answered this. Uh, I can see some of the questions that I've already answered. In daily contraction, if the high and low is broken, then we will go with the flow, which could either side, right? No, Tarun, please repeat the session again. If you are using daily contraction that we discussed today, we already decided whether to go long or short. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I am, I am taking only Q&A. No contents for the sessions are left now, Saurav. So if you want, you can leave. I'm discussing only Q&A. Yes, class is over.

---
Generated by AudioConvert.ai | Free, accurate audio transcription. (Watermark removable.)