[01:29] Speaker 1: Yes, good evening. Good evening, everyone. (clears throat) Yes, yes, I will discuss today's trade. Uh, (clears throat) (whispers) okay, turn off the... (clears throat) (pause) Acha. Am I, am I, am I clearly audible? (pause) O- okay. Can, can you see the shared screen? (pause) Yes, yes, I will discuss today's trade. Okay, fine. Chalo. (pause) Okay. (pause) Okay. (clears throat) Yes, yes. I will take, I will take questions towards the end of session. (clears throat) Okay. Yes, yes, Dhaval, I will go step by step. Don't worry. If you are attending the session for the first time, uh, have patience, keep on repeating. Sampath, only you are having low voice. Everyone else is saying loud and clear. Please check your side. Okay, chalo. So, uh, g- good evening, everyone. Welcome, uh, to the module one session. Uh, for new people, uh, let me introduce myself. Uh, guys, I'm Prashant. Uh, we already met in the intro session.

[03:14] Speaker 1: So as I said, I will be conducting module one, two, three for you people. So today we will. Today we are going to start with... Voice breaking. (pause) Acha, uh, like, uh... No, no, it's loud and clear. Okay, okay, okay, fine, fine, fine. Chalo, few people are... Okay. Uh, guys, please check your, your side as well. Please check your side. Okay. Now, for, for new people, uh, we are going to discuss, uh, the module one, part of the module one today, uh, in today's session. So today we are going to discuss about the, uh, trade code basically. So in this session we will discuss, uh, why exactly trade code is helpful, why exactly the need of trade code, basically I'm going to highlight, and then we will discuss all the sections in the trade code and then how we can take benefit of all these sections in day-to-day life, how we can use all these sections to find the trading opportunity. So everything we are going to discuss in detail.

[04:28] Speaker 1: So all these sections I will discuss step by step, and then what trading opportunities we can find, when exactly we are going to learn all these strategies and everything, we are going to discuss in detail, and then towards the end of session, uh, if time permits, I will also take some of the questions. Right? So, uh, I'm, I'm... As I, I, I have already mentioned the portal as well, this is going to be a theoretical s- theoretical session completely. No chart-specific discussion, no strategy-specific discussion. So please (clears throat) excuse me for that. Right? Okay, let's begin now. So now, uh... Okay, sorry, sorry, sorry. Yes, today's entry and exit, so let, let us discuss that. So let me discuss first entry sinjin. Again, new guys, uh, you may not understand the logic behind today's entry and exit. So again, keep patience. (coughs) Mayur, not possible. Okay. Okay. Chalo. So, uh, see, uh, today we made our entry on this point, right?

[05:53] Speaker 1: So when this candle got closed, this was, this was our entry. Sorry. Uh..See, this was our entry and this was our stop-loss. We, we were getting good risk-reward ratio, but then we were waiting for more, and in that, uh, this stop-loss over here got hit. So it was, uh, more than one S to two, but, uh, as the momentum was strong and everything, we, we were waiting, and, uh, the stop-loss got hit at this point. Okay. This, this wasn't the entry based on ORB. Uh, this, this, this is the entry based on leg strategy, right? So here we saw some consolidation. Now, see, this is your... You can consider this as your first leg, then some consolidation around the EMA. Then, like, this was also, this green candle was also a good one, but then for one more confirmation, we waited, and then we got, uh, this candle. This was also showing strength, so we made our entry at this point. Yes, this is... I, I said, this is, this is not the ORB entry. This is a leg strategy.

[07:21] Speaker 1: So, see, guys, in the live market, you cannot be hundred percent theoretical. You cannot be hundred percent theoretical. Right? I hope, uh, you already know this. I hope you already know this. In the live market, you cannot go with hundred percent theoretical thing, right? Now some people are saying the entry was not on the Marubozu candle, right? See. Again, let me give you good- more logic into that. See, this green candle was showing strength, but still, we waited for confirmation. Now this bullish pin bar candle is also showing strength. So basically, we went with the strength. So instead of waiting for the perfect Marubozu candle, we went with the strength, right? And now, see, there are people who made profit in Coal India as well. See, e- e- we... As I said, we already got more than one S to two, right? Now, this is very easy for me to say, "Yes, we got the profit. We got one S to one, one S to two." Right? But, uh, we didn't book that, right?

[08:23] Speaker 1: So, there is no point in saying, uh, we got that, right? And then stop-loss got hit in the second half. That's how it is, right? So... Yes, this is... Uh, uh, like, see, not everything... Yes, guys. Akshay, Akshay is saying, "Reserve-based stocks need to be traded on one-minute timeframe." Absolutely fine, but that one-minute timeframe should not go beyond, uh... Like, once you're moving after five, ten minutes, one, one-minute timeframe is not useful. Uh, one-minute timeframe is for volatile stocks. So if you are getting, like, if you are finding entry on one-minute timeframe, that should be in first five, ten minutes only, right? One-minute timeframe for entry, you should not use after, say, five, ten minutes or something like that, right? Again, guys, see, every individual is having, uh, a different thought process, uh, to understand the price action. So again, don't, don't... What you can say? What I can say is, uh, don't bind yourself in looking at the theoretical position only.

[09:43] Speaker 1: Like, say, if, if you are going to wait for Marubozu candle, you will make entry over here, right? So if you're going to wait for the Marubozu candle, where your entry will be? On the closure of this candle. Again, then you will re-enter for this, uh, candle. As this candle is away from EMA, again, you're going to wait, right? So, this is of... Like, it was already given one S to two, but as the momentum was strong, we, we thought, uh, it can give more, right? It can give more, and so we waited, and in that process, the stop-loss got hit, but it is absolutely fine. It was within the risk, so no issues at all. Okay. So this was Syngene and next was Coal India. Okay. Now for Coal India, we made our entry on this point (clears throat) , on this candle, so you can consider this as now bullish baru- uh, Marubozu candle, right? And then stop-loss was this low. And then, it was also giving us a good risk-reward ratio, but in the end, stop-loss got hit.

[11:03] Speaker 1: So at this point, stop-loss got hit and, uh, see, if you check, even after entry, it was giving around one, one S to six, six point five, something like that, right? Because, uh, uh, we, we didn't trail because we were expecting more out of it. Guys, again, it is a part of risk management. As we were within the risk, uh, that is absolutely okay. Coal India was in the, uh, momentum spike. Okay. Okay. чёру. So, uh, again, in both the trades, if, if you go according to the risk-reward ratio, we were getting, uh, more than one S to one in both the trades, but as the momentum was strong in Syngene, we, we waited. We did not book even at one S to two, right? And then, uh, we continued, uh, we, we waited for further price action, but in that process, stop-loss got hit.If you check in the Sinjin number, so Sinjin did not even give the time, uh, for trailing as well. Yes, this is obviously, we, we do multi-timeframe analysis. Sometimes we switch to, switch to five-minute timeframe as well.

[12:37] Speaker 1: Okay. See, um, we made our entry at this point, right? And then it, like, it immediately reversed. It reversed immediately, right? So 1 is to 2, it was giving... Just a minute, huh? Uh, how many candles? One, two, three, four, five. So within 15 minutes. You can say within 15 minutes. Uh, again, see, timeframe doesn't matter. Three or five minutes doesn't matter. Like if, uh, if, like, if there are some old peoples now, we used to trade on five-minute timeframe earlier. Even now, we trade on five-minute timeframe sometimes. Uh, like, after 11:30, 12:00, we switch to five-minute timeframe. Uh, before that, uh, we check three-minute timeframe, five-minute timeframe, both. Okay. Okay. So that's it. That, uh, that was about the today's trade. Now we will start with, uh... Because, uh, we, we were not observing Coal India in the morning session. Guys, see, there are a lot of stocks in the trade code and if you keep on asking the questions, "Why not this stock?" and, uh, "Why not ORB?

[14:07] Speaker 1: Why not leg strategy?" That is what I am saying. What we are observing in the live market, it is all based on that. Let's say we are observing Coal, Coal India in the live market. We cannot make, make entry in the, uh, Chola Finance, right? Because that is not the stock in our watch list. Or say, we are not observing that stock in the, uh, on that time, or say, at that particular time. Right? That's why you see... if you see the, uh, stocks traded by other people that we are posting on Instagram, everyone is trading into different stocks. So if you are going to ask questions like this, "Why not this stock and why this stock?" Uh, that is, again, like, how many stocks you can watch at a time and all those things. Okay, that's it. That's it for, uh, today's trade. Now let me begin with the content for today's session. Okay, so first, basically, uh, why exactly we need a tool like Trade Code?

[15:08] Speaker 1: Now, again, in the market, there are a lot of softwares who can give you, uh, data based on the activity. But again, uh, everywhere, every software will have different conditions in the background. Right? Now, uh, Trade Code is built based on the experience that, uh, TCI people are having, right? So it is purely based on the experiences. Now, whenever you are going to learn, whenever you're going to apply your experiences, uh, you will have more efficiency or you will have more effective product you can see. Right? Now, first of all, understand why exactly you need software like a Trade Code. Now, as a trader, every one of you know that we need to follow smart money. Again, the question comes, why exactly we need to follow smart money? Because as a retailer, we cannot bring trend in the market. Now, when I'm saying trend, it can be uptrend, it can be short, short, uh, sorry, it can be downtrend. Now, as a retailer, how much money we can put in the market, put in a particular trade?

[16:21] Speaker 1: Right? So that may not be enough to bring the trend in the, into the market, right? So what we can do, we can wait for big people to put their money, right? Now, these big people, who are these big people? These big, these big, these big people are domestic institutional investors, these are foreign institutional investor or individual inv- uh, in- investor who are having hundreds and thousands of crore capital. Now, whenever these big people are going to put their money, they will create demand and supply. They will create demand and supply. And if they are going to create the demand, you will see uptrend from that particular point And if they are going to create the supply, you will see downtrend from their point. So, as a trader, (coughs) what we need to follow is, instead of jumping into the random trades, observe where exactly these big people are putting their money, and once you will get that, observe the price action. Now, what is price action?

[17:26] Speaker 1: Price action is nothing but a reflection of the action these people are taking. So let's say, if these people are going bullish, you will see that on the chart. If these people are going bearish, you will see that on the chart. And that's how we need to follow the price action and accordingly trade. Now, follow the... Observing the price action and making entry according the set- according to the setup, that comes in the latter stage. The first stage is to have the stock in our watchlist, right? So to have that stop li- stock in our watchlist, we need to have this data in the live market. Now, again, having data of big people is not a big task.If you want to check that at the end of day, right? Because there is, uh, uh, like on the NSE website, you can get different kinds of reports. You can download those reports. You can analyze what is the activity of DII, what is the activity of FII, what is the activity of Pro, what is the activity of Client.

[18:31] Speaker 1: Everything you will get to know over there, right? And then you can have further analysis into that, and you can, uh, you can track that stock, and you can, uh, have idea how to trade those stocks for the next day. But the problem with this is like, I used to do this, uh, before Trade Code, right? I used to, uh, get that data from the NSE website, then I used to, uh, do some analysis or say, uh, apply some formulae in the Excel, and then I used to have, uh, long build-up stops, short build-up stops, long on lending stops, short covering stops, right? And once I will have those stops, I will observe the price action over there, and accordingly, after looking at the price action, I will decide what trade I'm going to take for tomorrow's session. But the problem with this I observed he- uh, I, I observed that, right? So, uh, let's say today in XYZ stock, I have decided to go bullish for tomorrow's session.

[19:30] Speaker 1: Now, tomorrow, may- uh, like most of the time it happened that, uh, after I marked my entry, either the stock will reverse or the stock will go bearish, or sideways, you can say. Either the stock will reverse and go bearish or the stock will go sideways. So based on this, now, see, again, uh, these stocks which we are analyzing at the end of day are basically top gainers for the day or top losers for that day. Right? Now, what is the use of having all these top gainers, top losers, or these stocks having highest activity at the end of day? There is no point in having all these stocks at the end of day because we cannot make money having those stocks, uh, at the end of day, right? So that is why having ... So instead of just observing that top gainer stock in- at the end of day, can we actually participate in the rally and make some money out of it?

[20:34] Speaker 1: So the main objective of building the Trade Code or, uh, building this software which can give you this live data is have this activity in the live market, participate in that activity, and make some money out of it. That is the whole objective, right? So always remember, any software like Trade Code which is testing the data in the background, right, what it can give you, it can give you live market data. Now when I'm saying live market data, always, always, always, there will be a delay of one or two minutes. Now, why that delay? Because once that action will be completed (coughs) , either brokers or NSE will have that data, and then that data will be transferred to, uh, other, uh, third-party softwares or something like that, right? So w- whenever we are going to analyze this activity, after that activity has happened, like only after that activity has happened, we can have that stopped in the Trade Code.

[21:39] Speaker 1: So again, many people are asking question, uh, we are getting stops after the moment. Now, why that happen? Because see, when exactly the moment will come, right? Only if there is some action. Only if there is some action, right? And only if there is some action, you will see that stock, uh, with the, what you can say, with the data, and then that data is in the background of the Trade Code, and that's why you see that stock in the Trade Code, right? So I hope I have answered, uh, the question of people who are asking like, we are getting, uh, like the stocks that appeared in the Trade Code, which i- uh, that is already moving, uh, with s- with some percentage. Again, this price movement is backed up by data, right? So that is why the stock appearing in the Intraday Boost sometimes are already moved. Now, when these stocks are already moved, we can, we can still find the opportunity over there, and that's where leg strategy will come into the picture.

[22:43] Speaker 1: So leg strategy, we will discuss in Saturday's session, right, not now. Again, this is not a strategical discussion. So again, I'm repeating, why exactly you need a software like Trade Code? Just, just, just, very importantly, to have the data in the live market, because as a intraday player, there is no point, there is no point in having the data at the end of day. And even if you have at the end of day data, and even you're, even if you're going to do some analysis, not all the time, or say not most of the time, the stock will give you favorable movement, because sometimes it can go sideways, sometimes it can go, um, you know, it can reverse as well. But, of course, like (clears throat) as a intraday trader, we cannot wait for, uh, favorable action, right? We need to book or we need to book our profit/loss in that same day. But if you follow this in the swing trading, that is absolutely fine.

[23:45] Speaker 1: You can wait for, uh, few more, uh, days so that you can get good profits and all those things, right? So this is how, this is how Trade Code is very helpful to have data in the live market, right? Okay, data. Yes, yes, I'm going to discuss what do you mean by data, right? So, now, what do you mean by data? So data is basically, uh, let's say volume.First, first is volume, then there is open interest. Open interest is nothing but open interest in the, uh, options segment, open interest in the future segment, everything. Then there are price action, then there are pivot points, everything. That I am going to discuss in the R Factor as well. Right? So, uh, I will discuss data in detail after a few minutes. Now, this is wha- this is how you need, like, uh, this is how Trade Code is very, very helpful in the live market.

[24:45] Speaker 1: Now, you have Trade Code with you, now question comes, how to use Trade Code or how to use all these sections mentioned in the Trade Code, how we can find trading opportunity by using all these sections. So, as always, day starts with pre-market. Day starts with pre-market. Now, what is pre-market? So, ǀ<|agent|><|en|> Acha So for pre-market, what you will do is, you will go to this Pro Setup. Once you will go to the Pro Setup, go at the bottom. At the bottom, on the right side, you have this pre-market session. Now, what is pre-market? Pre-market is basically first 15 minutes, 9:00 to 9:15. This session is called as pre-market, 9:00 to 9:15. Now, what exactly happens in this live ma- uh, in this 15 minutes is, so, like see, uh, after today's market close, there are people who don't find or who usually don't have time in the live market, so they are going to place their orders after market ends. So now, these orders are called as after-market orders.

[25:51] Speaker 1: Then on to next day, between, uh, 8:45 to 9:00, there will be bulk orders. Right? So big guys will place bulk orders, right? And depending on the news that we have overnight, or depending on the performance of, uh, international markets, uh, depending on the news of one particular company. (coughs) So everything, everything, like say, news meaning what? Uh, news like, uh, Fed meeting, news like RBI meeting, uh, news like, say, Coronavirus news, uh, news like, say, demonetization, or say, uh, news like, uh, if say any company who is coming up with news related with that company, like say, Reliance. Reliance is major contribution in the NIFTY. So let's say if they are coming up with some great deal, what will happen? Next day, NIF- uh, Reliance will, uh, open gap up. Because of that, you will see the reflection in the index as well. So, all this kind of news will create the, uh, gap up, gap down or flat opening for the index in the next session. Right?

[26:57] Speaker 1: Now, that's why (clears throat) whenever you will have this kind of opening, uh, in the index, usually what happens is that session, say 9:00 to 9:00 zero, these seven minutes, you will see lot of fluctuations in the index price. Right? Only index will move in that seven periods. So you will see lot of fluctuations. Now why these fluctuations? These fluctuations are because people are trading at different prices. People are trading at different prices because, because see, index don't have its own momentum. Index don't have its own moment. Only because people are trading in the stocks that contribute to the index, that is why index is moving. Right? So different people are putting their bids at different price points, and that is why index is moving so volatile in the first seven minutes. Like, if you see, usually you will see a movement of 2 to 3%, 2 to 3% movement in the index in the first seven, eight minutes. Now, 2 to 3% movement in the index each is huge, is huge.

[28:07] Speaker 1: Like, very rarely you will have this much movement in the total intraday, in the total intraday session. Right? And that is why with this volatility to, uh, uh, to what you can, what you can say? Like, of course we don't want to be a part of such a huge volatility, so that is why as a trader or as a intraday player, we will not participate in that pre-market activity. Right? Of course you can participate, you can buy, sell that, everything you can do, but then as a trader, what we want, we want price action on the chart. Then we can have logic and we can mark our entry accordingly. But then, as we don't have price action, we don't have chart for that pre-market session, we will not trade in that pre-market session. But that doesn't mean, uh, we cannot have something out of that pre-market activity.

[29:02] Speaker 1: So very importantly, even if we are not going to trade in those 10, 15 minutes, right, or say first seven minutes, we can still have data out of that pre-market activity (coughs) and then further decide how to approach for the market. Now, when I'm saying data out of that pre-market activity, what do you mean by data? So basically, whatever activity is happening in that pre-market session, you will see that in the Trade Code, again, Pro Ma- Pro Setup, and in the Pro Setup you will go exactly at the bottom right. Right? So here you have this pre-market session. Now, there is a pre-market session in the NSE website as well, but what is the difference between pre-market of NSE and pre-market of Trade Code is, pre-market of NSE is based on only activity for that pre-market session. Only activity for that pre-market session. Right?

[30:07] Speaker 1: But Trade Code, what Trade Code does is, Trade Code is having data of previous pre-market sessions as well, meaning, uh, yesterday's pre-market, day before yesterday's pre-market, then two days before pre-market, three days before pre-market. So...All the pre-market data Trade Code is using, and based on that, you will have stocks appearing in the Trade Code. Again, I'm giving you the difference between NSE Pre-Market and Trade Code Pre-Market. What NSE Pre-Market does is Pre-Market NSE is going to track the data for today only. And because of that, most of the time you will see penny stocks like Idea, YES BANK or Suzlon or OurPower, whatever it may be. That's why most of the time you will see these kind of stocks trading with huge volume in the Pre-Market NSE, right? Now, to avoid such kind of thing, what we have done is, we have given some criteria to the Trade Code coding and based on that, now after that criteria gets fulfilled, you will have stocks appearing in the Trade Code.

[31:17] Speaker 1: Now what does it represents? It represents percentage, like, uh, a gap up opening or say a gap down opening or flat opening, that you will see in this percentage, right? And then there is a volume. Now this volume is not exactly volume. You can see this as volume factor. Now what is volume factor? So basically volume factor is you can say kind of surge in volume. Now, surge in volume, meaning what? Increase in volume. So by what factor you are having increase in volume of the Nestle India as comparative to previous pre-market sessions, as comparative to previous pre-market sessions. So based on that, if there is a sudden surge in the volume, you will see those stocks in the Pre-Market Trade Code, in the Pre-Market Trade Code. Now, whenever to start with your day, start your day with Pre-Market. If you are a beginner, start your day with Pre-Market. If, if you have already found the edge in the Intraday Boost Stocks or some other section of the Trade Code, focus on them.

[32:27] Speaker 1: But because people are asking where to begin, where to start your day from the Trade Code is, this is the section you should focus in the beginning. So this session, uh, this section will get updated around 9:09, 9:010, right? So at this time, you can come to this section, toggle between NIFTY and FO. Now, what is the difference between NIFTY and FO? So NIFTY will have 50 stocks of NIFTY 50, and FO will have around all 188 stocks of future and option. Or say if there is any stock which is getting added newly, you will have that stock over here. So always choose FO. Always choose FO. Why? Because it will give you wider selections. It will give you wider selections. That's the only reason. Again, once you will select FO, there are two ways to get the data from this pre-market. First one is based on percentage. Now, when we are going to use based on percentage, for gap up short strategy... For gap up short strategy, we are going to use filtration based on percentage.

[33:31] Speaker 1: Now, what is gap up short strategy? What are the criterias for this strategy? How to trade? Everything, we are going to discuss in Saturday's session. Then there is another way to filter out all (clears throat) ... to filter out all these stocks is based on volume. Now, this is by default is based on volume. So you, if you want to have these stocks according to the volume factor, you don't have to do anything, right? Now, this is your by default selection. So what you can do is just focus on first four to five stocks. Just focus on first four to five stocks, say five stocks, and then add these stocks in your watch list. Why? Because these stocks are coming up with the highest volume factor, there is a possibility of further momentum in these stocks, because these stocks are trading with the highest volume as compared to previous pre-market session. We can, we can have some out of it, right?

[34:32] Speaker 1: So add these stocks to your watch list and then, uh, (clears throat) either check entry based on ORB or leg strategy, uh, in these stocks. Again, these strategies we are going to discuss in Saturday's session. So this is how you can use pre-market from the pro setup. Right? Now, as I said, you can begin your day with pre-market. Now, as soon as you started with pre-market, let's say you added those stocks into your watch list. Now, what after this? If you already got good trades from the pre-market, make your entry in, in those trades, and that's it. That's it. After ent- after entry into a particular trade, place your stop-loss target and relax, right? So let's say now you did not find the entries or you did not find the opportunities from the pre-market stocks. Then slowly switch to market depth and then check high powered stocks and intraday boost. Then check high powered stocks and intraday boost. Now, what is the difference between these stocks?

[35:42] Speaker 1: Again, the difference is, like, high powered stocks are major contributor for the sectorial indices. High powered stocks are major contributor to the sectorial indices, and intraday boost are like all F&O stocks. All F&O stocks, right? That's the only difference you will have in these two sections. Now, when you come down to this section, what you have to do is, over here you have to filter out these stocks according to the R-factor. So already these stocks over here, these are arranged according to the R-factor only, already stocks arranged according to the R-factor only. So what you need to do, focus on first four to five stocks according to the R-factor, right? Now, when I'm saying four to five stocks..Uh, whatever number of stocks you can handle, you can watch at a time, you can focus those many number of stocks. So let's say you are comfortable with first two stocks. Start observing those two stocks. Let's say you are comfortable with five stocks, start observing five stocks.

[36:47] Speaker 1: Let's say if you are comfortable with 10 stocks, start observing 10 stocks. So again, how many stocks you should focus, th-that depends on individual. That depends on individual, right? So now, very importantly, what is important over here is R Factor. Now what is R Factor? So R Factor is just a number. R Factor is just a number, relative factor, you can say. Right? So a relative factor is just a number which is going to compare the activity, which is going to compare the data built up in the stocks. Now when I'm saying data, what is data? So R Factor is having various parameter. R Factor calculations are having various parameters. What are these parameters? As I said in the initial phase as well. So this is nothing but this, this data is nothing but volume, then there is, uh, open interest, open interest in the futures and options, both, then there is price action, so price action is nothing but support, resistance, pivot points, right? Then there is technical indicators.

[37:59] Speaker 1: Technical indicators are like RSI, uh, then MFI, then ADX. So RSI is basically measures the strength in the price. Then MFI is basically same, works like RSI only, but then in the calculation of MFI, volume is also included, included, and then there is ADX. So ADX will measure how strong the trend is, right? So ADX will measure strength in that particular trend. So all these things will be in the background of trade code coding, and accordingly, whenever the data is built up based on all these parameters, trade code will do calculation in the background, and on the display you will have R Factor value. So highest the activity, highest the R Factor value. That is what you need to remember. And then focused on highest R Factor values, add those stocks into your watch list, start observing the price action. If your entry conditions are matching, plan your entry accordingly. That's it. Plan your entry accordingly. That's it.

[39:07] Speaker 1: Now, again, for new people, I'm repeating, right, trade code is not a call generating software, right? You, uh, like, blindly you don't have to take the entry in any stock that is appearing in the trade code, right? Uh, the trade, like, trade code will not give you fixed entry and fixed exit, or stop-loss, right? Trade code will only give you the stocks having maximum activity. So you need to add that stock list, stock into your watch list, observe the price action, and trade based on price action. So final trading decision should be based on price action. So trade code is like a buffet in the, you can say in the event, right, wherein a number of items, number of dishes, fruits, or, say, uh, food items are served in your platter, right? So these, these, all these stocks are nothing but different items. Now, which item you like, which item you want to taste, which item you want to eat, it all depends on every individual, right?

[40:17] Speaker 1: And based on, like, uh, in the case of, uh, that food taste, it depends on individual taste. So over here, it depends on individual's understanding about the price action, right? Every people will have different understanding about the price action. That is why people are trading at different price points. That is why you will see price action, right? So according to the price action that you see on the chart, you need to plan your entry. So this was High Powered Stocks and Intra Day Boost. Again, don't compare R Factor values in the High Powered Stocks and R Factor values in the Intra Day Boost. So whenever, if you want to compare R Factor values, compare all R Factor values in the High Powered Stocks only. Compare all R Factor values in Intra Day Boost only. Don't compare, like, TCS R Factor here and TCS R Factor here, right? You will have huge difference between them, because in these calculations, uh, contribution in the sectorial indices is also included.

[41:19] Speaker 1: That's why you will see different values over here. So this was High Powered Stocks and Intra Day Boost. Then there are Top Level Stocks and Low Level Stocks. So Top Level Stocks and Low Level Stocks are nothing but stocks that are trading at the highest price in the live market. Low Level Stocks are nothing but stocks that are trading at the lowest level or lowest price for that point. Again, if, like, say, again, if you are doing good with Pre-Market, if you are doing good with Intra Day Boost and High Powered Stock, you don't need any other section in the trade code for Intra Day Trading. You don't need any other section in the trade code for Intra Day Trading. But just to have an idea what opportunities you can have, you can explore all these sections. If you want to develop your own strategy, if you want to build your own setup, you can do that. For that, let us understand what all sec- what all other sections can provide us. Right?

[42:23] Speaker 1: So, as I said, Top Level Stocks are stocks trading at the highest price. Low Level Stocks are stocks trading at the lowest point.You, you can find the leg opportunities in these stocks if you are good with the price action. Then there are top gainers and top losers. So top gainers are basically according to the percentage which stock has moved highest in the FNO. So that is nothing but top gainers. Opposite to that, you will have top losers. Then, uh, the high powered stocks and Intraday Boost that we saw in the top, right? So over here, you will have those s-same stocks uh, in the graphical representation. That's it. In the graphical represent- representation, that's it. So over here, you will have these stocks according to the percent change. So this is a simple graphical representation of Intraday Boost and High Powered Stocks. So, this is how you can start your day.

[43:21] Speaker 1: Again, I'm repeating, start your day with pre-market, observe the stock over there, add these stocks to your watch list, observe the price action over there, and if you're getting good opportunities over there, trade in those stocks. If not, switch to Intraday Boost or High Powered Stocks, add, add these stocks into your watch list, observe the price action, and trade accordingly. So this is your Intraday Boost and High Powered Stocks, or say, entire market depth section. Now very importantly, there is another very important section in the Pro Setup, is Momentum Spike. Now what is Momentum Spike? Momentum Spike is nothing but sudden increase in the volume. Sudden increase in the volume. Now let us observe Bata India so that you will have clarity on this. Now, if you go on Bata India, you can clearly see there was a s- increase in the volume, sudden increase in the volume, or say, very good increase in the volume.

[44:29] Speaker 1: And that is why stocks that are giving huge momentum, or say, huge increase in volume, those stocks you will have in the Pro Setup Momentum Spike. So again, don't focus on 10, 1, 8 momentum spike. Focus on five minute- five minute momentum spike. Again, add these stocks into your watch list, observe the price action over there, and trade according to the setup. That is how it is. Mostly you can find leg strategy in these momentum spike stocks. Then there is, uh, LoM section. So downside LoM, upside LoM, uh, then again, uh, this is for intraday, intraday opportunities. Then there is, uh, Downside LoM Swing, Upside LoM Swing. So this is for swing opportunities. Now the- these four sections, we will discuss in a separate dedicated session for swing trading, right? So this section we will discuss for swing trading, during the swing trading. LoM is nothing but loss of momentum.

[45:33] Speaker 1: So whenever the downside momentum will get exhausted and the stock is getting ready for the upside move, you will have stocks appearing in Downside LoM Swing. Opposite to that, whenever stock is exhausted or say, the uptrend is getting exhausted, you will have stocks appearing in the Upside Loss of Momentum. So likewise, you can find reversal opportunities or you can find swing opportunities in the LoM section. Now if there is Multi Resistance Breakout, Multi Support Breakout. So basically, this is a two-day high and two-day low. So whenever a stock is going to break previous two days high, previous two days high, you will have stock appearing in the Multi Resistance Breakout. In a similar way, whenever stock is going to break the two days low, you will have stock appearing in Multi Support Breakout.

[46:29] Speaker 1: Again, you can find the opportunities according to ORB or leg strategy in these sections as well, right So this is, uh, this is, uh, Multi Resistance BO Live, and this is at the end of the day, right? This is in the live market, and this is at the end of the day. So basically, stocks giving closing above two days high and stocks giving closing below two days low. So that, you can find here. Then there is Daily Contraction Setup. So again, this is, uh, uh, the setup that we can also use for intraday as well. So this entire daily contraction setup, we will discuss in detail in Sunday's session. So we will have dedicated session on this wherein we are going to discuss daily contraction in Sunday's session. So you will have more clarity on this section over there. So this is how you can, uh, observe the Pro Setup. Now, if there is sectorial flow. Now, there is sectorial flow.

[47:32] Speaker 1: Again, when you, when you, like, how, how to use this sectorial flow or how, uh, you can find opportunities using sectorial flow. So if you are a index trader, uh, how exactly, uh, major indices are contributing to the index. Based on that, you can, you can decide whether to go bullish or bearish in the index trading. So for that, you can have sectorial flow. Again, let's say you want to, uh, trade in Tata Steel. So Tata Steel is part of Nifty Metal. So you can check the sectorial performance as well, right? So if you are a beginner, go with, like, go with the direction of the market. Let's say, the entire index, how that index is performing, the first criteria. Then second criteria is how the sector is performing, right? And if both are in one direction and you are getting opportunity in the same direction, tradeThis is for beginner. For people who are having slight experience, at least follow sectorial trend. At least follow sectorial trend.

[48:46] Speaker 1: So in this case, even if the entire NIFTY was down, NIFTY Metal was positive, so you can go bullish in the metal stocks. So this is nothing but following the sectorial performance. And pro people, like if you are a ho- if you have a good experience with the price action, simply follow the price action on the chart. In that case, you don't have to look for the sectorial indices and the overall indices as well. Right? So this is how you can use sectorial flow. Then, like say, uh, now y- as the entire market is bearish now, I would like to go... I would like to fi- uh, say I would like to find the shorting opportunity. Now to find shorting opportunity, again, what I will do is, I will select the sector who is mostly bearish, right? Or say who is highly bearish. So in this case, it is pharma. So what I will do is, I will click on Pharma and now Trade Code will take me to the stocks that are contributing to NIFTY Pharma.

[49:52] Speaker 1: So once I'm here, if I have decided to trade in the pharma stocks, what I will do is, I will pick the stock having highest R factor. I will pick the stock having highest R factor. So that's how you can go and find the sectorial specific opportunities. You click on any sector and the Trade Code will take you to that particular sector and stocks contributing to that sector. Right? Again, focus on the stocks with highest R factor. So this is how you can use sectorial flow. Then there is Swing Center. (clears throat) Now in this Swing Center, you will have, uh, advance-decline ratio. Now what is advance-decline ratio? Basically, how many stocks are into positive territory and how many stocks are into negative territory, right? That you will have over here. So how many stocks are advancing and how many stocks are declining, so ratio of that is nothing but advance-decline ratio.

[51:01] Speaker 1: So you can see for NIFTY 50, there are 14 stocks which closed into green, and there are 37 stocks that closed into green, right? So, okay, the addition is 51. Okay. We'll check, we'll check on this. We'll check on this. Maybe the recent change that happened in the NIFTY 50 that is, that, that is not removed yet. I will look into this. Right? So similarly, you have NIFTY advance-decline growth over here, then entire future and options, so all 188 stocks, uh, what is the advance-decline ratio over there? That also you can have from this. Right? So this is the, for enter future and option segment. Then there is Short Term Swing Breakout, Short Term Swing BO Down. Right? So what is BO? BO is nothing but breakout. So the stocks giving breakout, that you will have in these sections. Stocks giving upside breakout, you will have over here. Stocks giving downside breakout, you will have over here. Now this is in the live market, and this is Long Term Swing Breakout.

[52:13] Speaker 1: This is also in the live market, but this is Long Term Swing Breakout. So what is the difference between short term and long term? Short term will consider all the, uh, small or say in between swing high, swing low point. It will consider small resistances and, uh, small supports as well, right? And long term swing will consider major support and major resistances. Again, we have one dedicated session to explain or to discuss Swing BO strategy, so that we will discuss in one of the Tuesday session So this is how you can use long term and swing term breakout. Now there is Major Index Weekly Performance, so how exactly all these sectors or how the index has performed in the entire week, that you can see over here. That you can see over here. So this is how Swing Center can help you to find these swing trading opportunities. And now, lastly, there is Index Analysis. So in Index Analysis, again, uh, you can analyze the, uh, option derivative. Sorry.

[53:25] Speaker 1: You can analyze the open interest in the options, you can analyze the open interest in the futures, and based on that, you can find the opportunities in the market. Now, how to use this Index Analysis? You can select the timeframe for which you want to analyze the data. You can select the timeframe for which you want to analyze the data. Right? Once you will select that timeframe, simply click on Go. Before that, don't forget to switch to the expiry for which you want to have the data. Right? Then click on Go. So you will have data over here. Now, what is this? This is nothing but open interest in the option. So if you want to check the open interest on a particular strike price, you can check these bars. You can check this bar. If you want to check the open interest on all the strike price for this expiry during this period, you will see that over here. Right? Again, in this entire screen, green indicate bullishness, red indicate bearishness.

[54:36] Speaker 1: So in this case, if you compare these two chartsThese were the newly added puts. Th- these are the put additions and these are the call additions. So clearly, you can see the data is bearish. As there are more calls written, the data is bearish. Again, you can like- you don't have to trade index purely based on, uh, the call and put writing. You also need to check that with the price action as well. Right? So this is how over here PE writing indicates bullishness, call writing indicates bearishness. Right? And then there is put-call ratio. Right? And then there is, uh, strike price or say open interest according to the strike price for the entire expiry. Now, what is the difference between these bars and these bars? So these bars are for this specific time duration. These bars are for this specific time durations, and these bars are for the entire expiry. So what data has been built in- in the entire expiry? That, you will see over here.

[55:51] Speaker 1: So this is how you can analyze the, uh, interest- open interest in the option segment using index analysis. Then there is OI data. So in similar way, you can observe the open interest in the future segment in the- on the screen. So, uh, according to the timeframe, according to the s- chart, you can- you can observe this for particular time duration, like say, uh, what activity happened over there, whether there was long build-up, short build-up, short covering, lon- long unwinding. So you can check that for every five, ten, fifteen minutes interval, and accordingly, you can find your trading opportunities. And accordingly, you can find your trading opportunities. (clears throat) So this is open interest in the future, open interest in the future. If you want, you can like, uh, you have a option to choose the index, to choose the expiry, uh, then to choose the interval, and then click on Go.

[56:53] Speaker 1: And once you will click on Go, you will have data in the future segment, open interest in the future segment. So that's how you can use index analysis and OI data to find the index trading opportunity. So that's it for this session. I will take some questions and then we can end. Right? Okay. So any questions related to future- future and options segment, um, uh, you can ask those questions in the option session. Yes, Saurabh, uh, we- we have discussed trailing stop loss, so in the Sunday session as well. Uh, Kavish, R-factor denotes the activity. R-factor denotes the activity. So highest the R-factor, highest is the activity. Now, that activity may be on volume front, may be on open interest front, may be on price action front, may be on, uh, indicator front. That we don't know. It- R-factor is giving you a signal that high activity, highest activity is happening over there. So what you have to do is we- we just have to add that stock into our watch list and focus on price action.

[58:38] Speaker 1: Uh, Mayur, uh, how to read OI data? You will have more clarity in the option session as well. And keep on repeating these- these sessions. You will have more clarity. Again, Abhishek, High Power and... High Power and Intraday Boost only... Like, in the High Power, you will have stocks that are contributing maj- and that are contributing to the sectoral indices. Pawan, um, uh, you will- y- like, uh, you will see stocks changing their positions according to the R-factor, because, uh, action is getting changed, meaning say, meaning say, let's say, uh, you bought, that will now consider you as a big player. You consider as yourself as a big player now. You bought that stock at this particular moment. If you're going to sell that stock after, say, uh, two to three hours, that is nothing but you reversed your position. Now, after you reversed your position, the data will change, right? And that's how, once data changes, you will see R-factor getting changed.

[01:00:01] Speaker 1: New people, guys, uh, it is, uh, it is difficult to have all the clarity in the first session itself, right? So keep repeating, keep repeating. And please, please do not copy-paste your question multiple times. I'm having huge number of questions as of now. Like, highly impossible to take the questions. Pooja, logic behind selecting the stocks i- from Intraday Boost is the R-factor, and R-factor is backed up by highest activity. That's it. Please do not repeat your question, guysKumar, R Factor is based on, uh, various parameters. So what are these parameters? Volume, open interest, price action. In the price action, you will have support and resistance, you will have pivot point, right? Uh, then there is technical indicators. So in the technical indicators, you will have RSI, MFI, uh, ADX, all these things. See, in the, uh, in the index analysis, green color indicates bullishness, red color indicates bearishness.

[01:01:23] Speaker 1: So if you are good with understanding, uh, a long build-up, short build-up, or say, C, C, E build-up, C unwinding, PE build-up, PE covering, uh, then only you will have good understanding of those grade and red bars, gray- green and red bars. So make sure your basics are good first. For swing trading, you need to check the breakout from swing center and LOM from pro setup, ƒaditya. Okay. Uh, a few people are saying they don't have, uh, this index analysis. So just a minute, let me drop them, uh, contact number for trade code. Okay, okay, just a minute. I'm dropping a number for trade code-related queries. So whatever query you have related to trade code, please ask on this number. Prasad, uh, again, don't go into, uh, the delay, uh, time delay. As I said, one or two minutes, uh, delay you will have all the time. Even NSE option chains are updated after three minutes, right? But we will have data before that because we are taking data from other sources as well. TradingView.

[01:03:10] Speaker 1: Yes, TradingView is, uh, like, we are using free, free version only. R Factor means the same in every section. R Factor is backed up by all these things. Difference between top level and top gainer. As I said, top level is the stock trading at the highest level for that date. Let's say, uh, you consider a stock XYZ. Whenever it is trading at the highest level, highest level for the day, it may be only 0.5% up or it may be only 1% up, that stock will appear in the top level. And top gainer is nothing but in all F&O sector, the stock which is, which has gained highest in the, in the F&O segment, that will appear in the top gainer. So top gainer is according to, according to the percentage, and top level is according to the price for that stock only. Uh, yes, Hitesh, you can, you can also observe momentum spike, right? But, but to begin with, I, I have given you the flow. You can start with pre-market, right?

[01:04:30] Speaker 1: And then, uh, after pre-market, if you want, you can focus on momentum spike, intraday boost, and high-powered stock. Prashant, we have already discussed today's trade in the beginning itself. Vasu, price action, uh, you will learn in Saturday, Sunday session. Uh, yes, Anmol, you will have, uh, these differences in every candlestick, uh, if you are going to switch to different charts, uh, Zerodha or say, uh, TradingView, or you take any other platform. Everyone will have different candles, because it is all, uh, from where they are getting data and with what frequency they are getting data. It is all based on that. Like, uh, to give you more inputs into this, if you are using Zerodha, like I'm using Zerodha and Angel Broking, both. Now, if you keep on observing the, uh, say, index option, index option in Zerodha and index option in Allies Blue, you can clearly see, uh, Zerodha options will have fluctuations with microseconds only.

[01:05:57] Speaker 1: But in similar way, uh, Allies Blue options will move slowly. Like, they will have price change, uh, say, after four to five price changes in the Zerodha. Uh, Dushyant, uh, you will, you will learn the, uh, OI data, uh, or index analysis in the option classes, which will be conducted on Wednesday. Rajesh, maybe some problem from your end. Yes, guys, we are planning live market session. Yes, yes, yes, high-powered stocks are also eligible for intraday. Guys, I have specifically mentioned the sections for swing. So from all other sections, you can find intraday opportunitiesFor second up, uh, you can use, um, top level stocks, right? Or say you can use Intraday Boost and you can find leg opportunities over there. Yes, he says, there is a big difference between top level and upside LOF. Sunit, uh, it is just that's it. Ten minutes, like, uh, as, as we want to trade, as we want to find intraday opportunities, ten minute is too much time.

[01:07:33] Speaker 1: Uh, a lot of activity can happen within that ten minutes. So that is why we are going on shorter timeframe. Initially, we were using five-minute timeframe. Now, uh, we are using three-minute timeframe as well. Mihir, you can repeat this session on next Thursday. Don't worry. (coughs) Karthik, we will discuss price action and how to trade in the Saturday session. Amandeep, I will request you to dr- drop your query on the, uh, on the support portal. Uh, I hope you will get, uh, a reply over there. Right. Intraday boost, basically, uh, stocks, uh, say, in may bought, uh, what you can say, uh, bought activity in the background based on, like, bought parameters. Okay? Whoa parameters. I mean, I already discussed here, uh, though GSB stock, Mejada activity. You got to go stocks up, go intraday, boost my decade, go. Faizan, final decision should be based on price action. Uh, Siddhant, maybe you're using mobile, right? Uh, I don't know then. May- maybe...

[01:09:24] Speaker 1: What you can do is, uh, ask your query on the trade code, uh, number, no? Uh, if any technical thing, only they can help you. Uh, Shameek, long build-up, long unwinding basics of options, uh, you can check that on the Google as well. Pre-market check, 909 call volume sections... Uh, uh, Rohan, the, the pre-market session will get updated at that time, right? So you will see updated, uh, section. N- uh, you can check at 9:10. Don't worry. Bharat, momentum spike is nothing but sudden increase in the volume, increase in the volume. So again, you can... There nothing, there is nothing in the momentum spike. Only whenever there is a increase in the volume, you will have, you will have that stock appearing in the momentum spike. So what you need to do, you need to add that stock into your watch list and observe the price action over there. (coughs) No, no, Nikhil, uh, F&O is nothing but future and options. There is no difference between F&O and options.

[01:10:59] Speaker 1: No, Gokul, in Saturday, on, on Saturday session, we are going to discuss trade code in brief, in brief. So in the first 10, 15 minutes only, we will discuss pre-market, uh, we will discuss Intraday Boost, high powered stocks. That's it. Yes, Yugan, uh, as I said, it is always good to select FO in the pre-market. Uh, I, I've already shared a trade call contact number. Okay, let me share it again. How to know where we enter, exit the Intraday Boost, Intraday Boost. Entry/exit, Amandeep, uh, Saturday's session. Yes, Gagan, uh, Intraday Boost and high powered stocks are the, uh, most preferable stocks for intraday. But again, like, if you are having difficulty in selecting these stocks, uh, you can, you can go for, uh, you can start with pre-market. Vipul, um, because, uh, I love, uh, doing this task, I keep on observing the charts. Which strategy to use for pre-market stocks? Nikhil, we will discuss this in Saturday's session.

[01:12:44] Speaker 1: Uh, does high power stock and Intraday Boost appear only in the morning or it is updated later on in midday? Tarun, uh, you will have, uh, the list of high powered and higher factor stocks changing, uh, in the live market. That is based on data onlySo that will keep on updating if data is updating for throughout the day as well. Mayur, once you have, like, once you have taken the trade, then you don't have to, uh, look at the R factor because your entry is totally dependent on price action. After entry, your stop-loss target is totally dependent on price action. There is nothing dependent on R factor after your entry. How to select stocks from Trade Code? Uh, Chronox, as I said, you can begin with pre-market session and then slowly switch to other sections wherever you can find the comfort. Nah- uh, I, I don't... I can't read your name. Uh, Naresh Kumar. Naresh Kumar, nifty 50 has fixed fi- 50 stocks. It will not change. Again, this is basics so I request you to go through the basics.

[01:13:59] Speaker 1: Guys, please, if you don't have all the basic understandings, please do not put all your capital in the market, huh? Downside LOM means downside L- loss of momentum. So you will f- you can find reversal opportunities over there. This number is not receiving messages on WhatsApp. Karan, kindly wait for some time. Wait for at least, uh, a day or something like that. Amol, Amol, uh, how much profit, uh, uh, you can make is totally dependent on your understanding of the price action. Market start, shall we state top ten stocks from Intraday Boost? Wait till our pattern entry or stock keep changing. This is on time frame. No, no, no. Uh, this is Pratap Singh, once you have added stock into- into your watch list, observe those stocks only. You don't have to change your w- watch list, because ten stocks in the watch list is a good number. Pratap Singh, I already answered your question. No need to change that number. Daily contraction LOM Intra, Raj, uh... Sorry, what's this name?

[01:15:31] Speaker 1: Uh, Maheshwari, Rasies Maheshwari, uh, we have detailed, uh, session on daily contraction LOM so wait for those sessions. Uh, Chronox, again, uh, how to trade top level stocks based on, uh, price action only. That price action you will understand in Saturday, Sunday session. No, no, no. Uh, the open interest in the stocks is in the background of R factor calculation, not on the screen. Uh, two days, Sandeep, uh, multi-resistance, multi-support, two-day high, two-day low.

[01:16:15] Speaker 1: Yes, Rowan, focus on pre-market between the time.

---
Generated by AudioConvert.ai | Free, accurate audio transcription. (Watermark removable.)